
Overview | Docs | Twitter Developer Platform 

Overview

Collections
-----------

A collection is an editable group of Tweets hand-selected by a Twitter user or programmatically managed via collection APIs. Each collection is public and has its own page on twitter.com, making it easy to share and embed in your website and apps.  

### Create and edit a collection using TweetDeck

TweetDeck supports adding Tweets to a collection by simply dragging a Tweet into a collection column.

### View a collection on Twitter.com

Each collection has a public URL on Twitter.com. Share a collection with others by including it in a Tweet, email, or other share method.

Example: https://twitter.com/NYTNow/timelines/576828964162965504  

### Embed a collection in your website or app

Embed a collection on your website using an HTML markup snippet generated by publish.twitter.com.

National Park Tweets - Curated tweets by TwitterDev 

Developer policy and terms

Follow @XDevelopers

Subscribe to developer news

#### 
 X platform

* X.com
* Status
* Accessibility
* Embed a post
* Privacy Center
* Transparency Center
* Download the X app

#### 
 X Corp.

* About the company
* Company news
* Brand toolkit
* Jobs and internships
* Investors

#### 
 Help

* Help Center
* Using X
* X for creators
* Ads Help Center
* Managing your account
* Email Preference Center
* Rules and policies
* Contact us

#### 
 Developer resources

* Developer home
* Documentation
* Forums
* Communities
* Developer blog
* Engineering blog
* Developer terms

#### 
 Business resources

* Advertise
* X for business
* Resources and guides
* X for marketers
* Marketing insights
* Brand inspiration
* X Ads Academy

 © 2024 X Corp.

Cookies

Privacy

Terms and conditions

**Did someone say … cookies?**  

 X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
 faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
 our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
 Show more about your choices.

* Accept all cookies
* Refuse non-essential cookies