::: is-table-default
Once you have the Twitter API v2 collection loaded in Postman, navigate
to the "Manage Direct Messages" folder. This folder\'s Authorization tab
has been pre-filled where possible. You will need to update a few
settings to share your Twitter App\'s authentication details.

This folder also contains three endpoints for creating new Direct
Messages. Note that there is also a \"Direct Message lookup\" folder
with three available endpoints for retrieving Direct Message
conversation events, including sending and receiving messages, and when
conversation participants join and leave.

Since creating group conversations is a new feature of the Twitter API
v2, this example will focus on that. We will be working with the \"New
group DM and conversation\" example. We will use this request to create
a Direct Message group conversation.

The next step is to authenticate with the endpoint.

####  Step two: Authenticate your request

To properly make a request to the Twitter API, you need to verify that
you have permission to do so. To make a successful request to this
endpoint, we will be using [OAuth 2.0 Authorization Code Flow with
PKCE](/en/docs/authentication/oauth-2-0/authorization-code) . You can
generate an access token within Postman.

With Postman you can set the authentication method at the folder level
or at the request level. Here we will be configuring the authentication
details at the folder level. Navigate to the \"Mange Direct Messages\"
folder, select the \"Authorization\" tab and confirm that the Type to
set to "OAuth 2.0", and \"Add auth data to\" is set to \"Request
Headers.\" In the \"Current Token\" section, make sure the \"header
Prefix\" is set to Bearer.

To configure and generate a new token:

1.   Create a Token Name, such as \"DM lookup.\"

2.  Confirm that **Grant Type** is set to Authorization Code (with
    PKCE).

3.  Set your **Callback URL** . You will want to update your Callback
    URL to exactly match the Callback URL associated with your
    application in the [v2 Dev
    Portal](https://developer.twitter.com/en/portal/dashboard) . With
    the Twitter App used with this example, the Callback URL is set to -
    [https://www.example.com.](https://www.example.com/) (Note that
    since this must match exactly, <https://example.com> would not
    work.)

4.  Confirm that **Auth URL** is set to
    <https://twitter.com/i/oauth2/authorize>

5.  Confirm that **Access Token URL** is set to
    [https://api.twitter.com/2/oauth2/token.\
    ](https://api.twitter.com/2/oauth2/token) **Client ID** - Copy and
    paste OAuth 2.0 client ID from the Developer Portal\
    **Client Secret** - You will need this only if you are using an App
    type that is a confidential client. If so, copy and paste the OAuth
    2.0 Client Secret from the Developer Portal.

6.  Confirm that **Scope** is set to [ dm.read dm.write tweet.read
    users.read ]{.code-inline} .

7.  Confirm that **State** is set to "state."

8.  Confirm that **Client Authentication** is set to Send as Basic Auth
    header.

9.  Click where it says "Get New Access Token", click \"Authorize app\"
    as part of the \"Sign-in with Twitter\" process.

10. Click the \"Proceed\" button and then the \"Use Token\" to generate
    a token.

11. Click on the \"Save\" button to save these configuration details.

You may get a message that you are not logged into Twitter. If you get
this error, you will need to log in to the Twitter accountÂ that you are
trying to post on behalf of inside of Postman.

Now that these OAuth 2.0 details have been set at the folder level,
navigate to each of the examples and their \"Authorization\" tab and
confirm that they have their Type set to \"Inherit auth from parent.\"

Note that this token will expire soon, and you\'ll need to regenerate it
by clicking on the \"Get New Access Token\" button. Clicking that will
trigger the \"Sign-in with Twitter\" process and generate a fresh token
to make requests with.

#### Step three: Retrieve Direct Messages conversation events

When retrieving Direct Message conversation events with this endpoint,
you need to specify a conversation ID. The conversation ID is part of
the endpoint path:
https://api.twitter.com/2/dm_conversations/:dm_conversation_id/dm_events

In Postman, navigate to the "Params" tab and enter the ID of the
conversation you want to retrieve events for in the \"Path Variables\"
section.

The setting would be:

  ------------------------ -------------------------
  **Key**                  **Value**
  ` dm_conversation_id `   ` 1228393702244134912 `
  ------------------------ -------------------------

With this conversation specified, the resulting path becomes
https://api.twitter.com/2/dm_conversations/1582103724607971328/dm_events

If you click the \"Send\" button you will receive the default Direct
Message object fields in your response: [ id ]{.code-inline} , [ text
]{.code-inline} , and [ event_type ]{.code-inline} . There will also be
a \"meta\" object with the number of results, along with pagination
tokens used for retrieving more events if available.
:::
