X was founded on a commitment to transparency. We also want people on X
to feel they are able to freely express themselves, while also ensuring
that conversations on X are safe, legal and unregretted . [ When you
think about some of the world's most powerful moments, movements, and
memes, they prevailed because people had a place to express their ideas,
challenge conventional norms, and demand better. That's why free
expression matters. ]{.c6}

We also believe, and we're proving, that free expression and platform
safety can coexist. X is reflective of real conversations happening in
the world, and that sometimes includes perspectives that may be
offensive, controversial, and/or narrow-minded to others. While we
welcome everyone to express themselves on X, we will not tolerate
behaviour that harasses, threatens, dehumanises or uses fear to silence
the voices of others. Our TIUC Terms of Service and Rules [ - which are
continually being reviewed, and are informed by feedback from the people
who use X - help ensure everyone feels safe expressing themselves.
]{.c6}

We are committed to fair, informative, responsive, and accountable
enforcement. [ In the past, we too often got caught in a binary paradigm
of whether to leave content up, or take it down. ]{.c6}

-   [ The risks of getting it wrong at the extremes are great: on one
    hand, you can leave up content that's really dangerous; on the
    other, you run the risk of censorship. ]{.c6}
-   [ Our point is: if you do either, you need to be right. And we live
    in a world with many shades of grey. ]{.c6}

[ To be clear, we do continue to remove dangerous and illegal content
and accounts. X also responds to reports of illegal content and takes
action on content that violates local laws. But what we've learned is
that there are other types of content where a range of potential
reasonable, proportionate, and effective approaches, that also seek to
balance fundamental rights, can be appropriate. ]{.c6}

You can think about how we moderate on X in three buckets: content and
accounts that remain, are restricted , and are removed.

1.  [ Remain: ]{.c115} The overwhelming majority of content on X is
    healthy---meaning it does not violate our TIUC Terms of Service and
    Rules [ or our policies such as Hateful Conduct, Abuse & Harassment,
    and more. Keep in mind: just because a post doesn't violate a
    policy, doesn't mean everyone will like it. ]{.c6}
2.  [ Restrict: ]{.c115} This is where our new [ [Freedom of Speech, Not
    Reach enforcement
    philosophy](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://blog.twitter.com/en_us/topics/product/2023/freedom-of-speech-not-reach-an-update-on-our-enforcement-philosophy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924582794&usg=AOvVaw3Al_cOnucyf_BBbLGKpyHm){.c21}
    ]{.c32} is used. For content that may be interpreted as potentially
    violating our policies ---meaning it's awful, but lawful---we
    restrict the reach of posts by making the content less discoverable,
    and we're making this action more transparent to everyone. When we
    decide to restrict a piece of content, a restricted reach label is
    applied, the ability to engage with the content is taken away, and
    its reach is restricted to views occurring directly on the author\'s
    profile. Restricted reach labels are not in use for all policies;
    our restricted reach labels were initially only applied to Hateful
    Conduct, but we have since expanded application to our Abuse &
    Harassment, Civic Integrity, and Violent Speech Policies. [ That
    said, restricting content---or even a whole account---is something
    we've done for a long time, and we have a range of enforcement
    options for the variety of use cases that we face every day. For
    example, we may also place an account in read-only mode, temporarily
    limiting its ability to post, Repost, or Like. ]{.c6}
3.  [ Remove: ]{.c115} [ If reported content is illegal, we withhold
    access to it in the respective jurisdictions. We also know that
    certain types of content, such as targeted violent threats, targeted
    harassment, or privacy violations, can be extremely harmful if not
    removed and we either suspend outright or require that this content
    be deleted before returning to the platform. ]{.c6}

We\'ve made significant progress towards improving the safeguards to
protect our users and our platform, but we know that this critical work
will never be done. X is committed to ensuring the safety and health of
the platform and fulfilment of its DSA Compliance obligations through
our continued investment in human and automated protections .

This report covers the content moderation activities of X's
international entity Twitter International Unlimited Company (TIUC)
under the Digital Services Act (DSA), during the date range August 28,
2023 to October 20, 2023 .

We refer to "notices" as defined in the DSA as "user reports" and
"reports" .

##  {#h.7af9sh56d6d9 .c180 .c13}

Description of our Content Moderation Practices

[ X\'s purpose is to serve the public conversation ]{.c115} [ .
Violence, harassment, and other similar types of behaviour discourage
people from expressing themselves, and ultimately diminish the value of
global public conversation. Our rules are designed to ensure all people
can participate in the public conversation freely and safely. ]{.c6}

[ X has policies protecting user ]{.c115} [ safety ]{.c115} [ as well as
platform and account integrity ]{.c115} . The X Rules and Policies are [
[publicly
accessible](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924585164&usg=AOvVaw26Q9npAi66LMuVw_SKP0S5){.c21}
]{.c32} [ on our Help Center, and we are making sure that they are
written in an easily understandable way. We also keep our Help Center
regularly updated anytime we modify our rules. ]{.c6}

[ Additionally, you will find ]{.c115} [ explanations ]{.c115} [ in our
Help Center on our policy development process and rules enforcement
philosophy. ]{.c115} [ Creating a new policy or making a policy change
requires in-depth research around trends in online behaviour, developing
clear external language that sets expectations around what's allowed,
and creating enforcement guidance for reviewers that can be scaled
across millions of pieces of content and accounts. Our policies are
dynamic, and we continually review them to ensure that they are
up-to-date, necessary, and proportional. ]{.c6}

[ We ]{.c115} [ consider diverse ]{.c115} [ perspectives around the
changing nature of online speech, including how our Rules are applied
and interpreted in different cultural and social contexts. ]{.c115} [ We
then test the proposed rule with samples of potentially violative
content to measure the policy effectiveness, and once we determine it
meets our expectations, we build and operationalise product changes to
support the update. Finally, we train our global review teams, update
the X Rules, and start enforcing the relevant policy. ]{.c6}

[ While we aim to enable open discussion of differing opinions and
viewpoints, we are committed to the objective, timely, and consistent
enforcement of our rules ]{.c115} [ . ]{.c115} [ ]{.c115} [ This
approach allows many forms of speech to exist on our platform and, in
particular, promotes counterspeech: speech that presents facts to
correct misstatements or misperceptions, points out hypocrisy or
contradictions, warns of offline or online consequences, denounces
hateful or dangerous speech, or helps change minds and disarm. ]{.c6}

[ Thus, context matters. When determining whether to take enforcement
action, we may consider a number of factors, including (but not limited
to) whether: ]{.c6}

-   [ The behaviour is directed at an individual, group, or protected
    category of people; ]{.c6}
-   [ The report has been filed by the target of the abuse or a
    bystander; ]{.c6}
-   [ The user has a history of violating our policies; ]{.c6}
-   [ The severity of the violation; ]{.c6}
-   [ The content may be a topic of legitimate public interest. ]{.c6}

[ When we take ]{.c115} [ [enforcement
actions](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/enforcement-options&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924587024&usg=AOvVaw1c9quIwRomi33E3ujzwu42){.c21}
]{.c32 .c115} [ , we may do so either on a specific piece of content
(e.g., an individual post or Direct Message) or on an account. ]{.c115}
We may employ a combination of these options. In most cases, this is
because the behaviour violates the X Rules.

[ X strives to provide an environment where people can feel free to
express themselves. If abusive behaviour happens, we want to make it
easy for people to report it to us. ]{.c115} EU users can also report
any violation of our rules or their local laws, no matter where such
violations appear, and w e've recently improved our reporting flow to
make it easier to use in several key ways. It now takes less steps to [
[report](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-report-violation%23violations&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924587636&usg=AOvVaw3tzpgMMnJUxeP85-U2zuvD){.c21}
]{.c32} most content, with extra steps only when it helps us take the
right action. We now have clearer choices that match directly to our
policies and how they're communicated externally. We've also included
new options that were previously only available at help.x.com.

[ EXERCISE OF MODERATION ]{.c115}

[ To enforce our rules, we are using a combination of machine learning
and human review. ]{.c115} [ Our systems are able to surface content to
human moderators who use important context to make decisions about
potential rule violations. This work is led by an international,
cross-functional team with 24-hour coverage and the ability to cover
multiple languages. We also have a complaints process for any potential
errors that may occur. ]{.c6}

Examples of a ctions [ we may take: ]{.c6}

-   [ Placing a post behind a notice ]{.c349} : We may place some forms
    of [ [sensitive
    media](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/media-policy.html&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924588616&usg=AOvVaw1KDuz4XnQ4ro5PlihJqCt9){.c21}
    ]{.c118} like adult content or graphic violence behind an
    interstitial advising viewers to be aware that they will see
    sensitive media if they click through. We also give users the option
    [](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-security/sensitive-media.html&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924588889&usg=AOvVaw2XrbwTJk8PcctKqzvl3kGT){.c21}
    [ [to control whether they see sensitive
    media](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-security/sensitive-media.html&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924589112&usg=AOvVaw0qXXpEBvWqLkNCgB5CT3BS){.c21}
    ]{.c118} [ . ]{.c6}
-   [ Withholding a post based on age ]{.c349} : [ ]{.c115} We restrict
    views of specific forms of sensitive media such as adult content for
    viewers who are under 18, or who do not include a birth date on
    their profile, with [
    [interstitials](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/notices-on-x.html&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924589554&usg=AOvVaw1QKiko0ds-sM1Xkk_TRmj6){.c21}
    ]{.c118} . [ ]{.c6}
-   [ Withholding a post or account in a country ]{.c349} : We may
    withhold access to certain content in a particular country if we
    receive a valid and properly scoped request from an authorised
    entity in that country. Read more about [ [country withheld
    content](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/tweet-withheld-by-country.html&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924590035&usg=AOvVaw1x5L55BpPFDQ83aMzzINSL){.c21}
    ]{.c118} [ . ]{.c6}

[ To ensure that our human reviewers are prepared to perform their
duties we provide them with a robust support system. ]{.c115} Each human
reviewer goes through extensive training and refreshers, they are
provided with a suite of tools that enable them to do their jobs
effectively, and they have a suite of wellness initiatives available to
them. [ For further information on our human review resources, see the
section titled "Human resources dedicated to Content Moderation". ]{.c6}

[ We always aim to exercise moderation with transparency. ]{.c115} Where
our systems or teams take action against content or an account as a
result of violating our rules or in response to a valid and properly
scoped request from an authorised entity in a given country , we strive
to provide context to users. Our [ [Help Center
article](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/notices-on-x&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924590886&usg=AOvVaw1ufLflKIK1WX2LlTWxNuqb){.c21}
]{.c32} explains notices that users may encounter following actions
taken. We will also promptly notify affected users about legal requests
to withhold content, including a copy of the original request, unless we
are legally prohibited from doing so.

[ COOPERATION WITH PUBLIC AUTHORITIES ]{.c115}

[ Cooperation with law enforcement authorities within the EU is crucial
to X. ]{.c115} We work closely with law enforcement, and we do our best
to assist them in identifying users whose content may be in violation of
local laws. Any law enforcement authority or agency can find [
[guidelines](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-law-enforcement-support%2315&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924591771&usg=AOvVaw3L_bYPCK74lz395tE1QySj){.c21}
]{.c32} on our Help Center specifically for law enforcement and can
reach out to X using a dedicated form.

[ TIUC ]{.c115} [ ]{.c115} [ is headquartered in Dublin ]{.c115} [ ,
Ireland, and processes law enforcement requests relating to users who
live in the EU. ]{.c115} We receive and respond to requests related to
user data from EU law enforcement agencies and judicial authorities
wherever there is a valid legal process. We have existing processes in
place, including a dedicated online portal for law enforcement [ , and
expert teams with global coverage across all timezones that review and
respond to reports in diverse languages. ]{.c6}

Law enforcement can use our dedicated portal to submit their legal
demands and can request the following information:

-   [ Information requests ]{.c118 .c115} [ : ]{.c115} Requests/orders
    for user personal and private information (e.g [ Basic Subscriber
    Information ]{.c33 .c220} [ ). ]{.c6}
-   [ Content removal requests ]{.c118 .c115} [ : ]{.c115}
    Requests/orders to remove content based on TIUC Terms of Service and
    Rules [ or EU local laws. ]{.c6}
-   [ Preservation requests ]{.c118 .c115} [ : ]{.c115} Requests to
    preserve data for the purposes of an investigation [ . ]{.c6}
-   [ Emergency requests ]{.c115 .c118} [ : ]{.c115} [ Process through
    which, when there is an imminent threat to life or serious bodily
    harm, X may disclose user information to law enforcement without
    receiving formal legal process. ]{.c6}

##  {#h.7v3a5z43xtnq .c323 .c13}

Our Own Initiative Content Moderation Activities

[ AUTOMATED CONTENT MODERAT ]{.c115} [ ION ]{.c115}

[ X employs a combination of heuristics and machine learning algorithms
to automatically detect content that violates the ]{.c149 .c33} [ [X
Rules and
policies](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-rules&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924594417&usg=AOvVaw1q35SfdruYaNVu9eLBtY3w){.c21}
]{.c32 .c33} [ enforced on our platform. ]{.c197 .c149 .c33}

[ MACHINE LEARNING MODELS ]{.c116 .c115}

[ We use combinations of natural language processing models, image
processing models and other sophisticated machine learning methods to
detect potentially violative content. These ]{.c149 .c33} [ models vary
in complexity and in the outputs they produce. For example, the model
used to detect abuse on the platform is trained on abuse violations
detected in the past. ]{.c149 .c33} [ C ]{.c149 .c33} [ ontent flagged
by these machine learning models are either reviewed by human content
reviewers before an action is taken or, in some cases, automatically
actioned based on model output. ]{.c149 .c33}

[ HEURISTIC MODELS ]{.c149 .c115 .c33}

[ Heuristics are typically utilised to enable X to react quickly to new
forms of violations that emerge on the platform. Heuristics are common
patterns of text or keywords that may be typical of a certain category
of violations. P ]{.c149 .c33} [ ieces of content detected by heuristics
may also get reviewed by human content reviewers before an action is
taken on the content. ]{.c149 .c33} [ These heuristics are used to flag
content for review by human agents and prioritise the order such content
is reviewed. ]{.c197 .c149 .c33}

[ TESTING, EVALUATION, AND ITERATION ]{.c111 .c33}

Automated enforcements under the [ [X Rules and
policies](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-rules&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924595562&usg=AOvVaw0Y1W5XLAC9s7Em6XFapAsI){.c21}
]{.c32} undergo rigorous testing before being applied to the live
product. [ Both ]{.c149 .c33} [ machine learning and ]{.c149 .c33} [
heuristic models ]{.c149 .c33} [ are trained and/or validated on
thousands of data points and labels (e.g., violative or non-violative)
that are generated by trained human ]{.c149 .c33} content reviewers [ .
For example, inputs to content-related models can include the text
within the post itself, the images attached to the post, and other
characteristics. Training data for the models comes from both the cases
reviewed by our content moderators, random samples, and various other
samples of pieces of content from the platform. ]{.c149 .c33}

[ Once reviewers have confirmed that the detection meets an acceptable
standard of accuracy, we consider the automation to be ready for launch.
Once launched, automations are monitored dynamically for ongoing
performance and health. If we detect anomalies in performance (for
instance, significant spikes or dips against the volume we established
during sizing, or significant changes in user complaint/overturn rates),
our Engineering (including Data Science) and Policy teams revisit the
automation to diagnose any potential problems and adjust the automations
as appropriate. ]{.c6}

[ USE OF HUMAN MODERATION ]{.c149 .c115 .c33}

[ Before any given algorithm is launched to the platform, we verify its
detection of policy violating content or behaviour by drawing a
statistically significant test sample and performing item-by-item human
review. Reviewers have expertise in the applicable policies and are
trained by our Policy teams to ensure the reliability of their
decisions. During this testing phase, we also calculate the expected
volume of moderation actions a given automation is likely to perform in
order to set a baseline against which we can monitor for anomalies in
the future (called "sizing"). Human review helps us to confirm that
these automations achieve a level of precision, and sizing helps us
understand what to expect once the automations are launched. ]{.c6}

In addition, humans proactively conduct manual content reviews for
potential policy violations. We conduct proactive sweeps for certain
high-priority categories of potentially violative content both
periodically and during major events, such as elections. Agents also
proactively review content flagged by heuristic and machine learning
models for potential violations of other policies, including our [
[sensitive
media](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/media-policy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924596795&usg=AOvVaw1mIYtVnccelDc7iAZByplZ){.c21}
]{.c32} , [ [child sexual
exploitation](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/sexual-exploitation-policy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924597005&usg=AOvVaw1Mvr-HEF6UYJWPUGb5hAjR){.c21}
]{.c32} [ (CSE) ]{.c184} [ and ]{.c184} [ [violent and hateful
entities](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/violent-entities&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924597231&usg=AOvVaw29QR8JHHTYvlbKfdNma7K6){.c21}
]{.c32} policies.

[ AUTOMATED MODERATION ACTIVITY EXAMPLES ]{.c111 .c33}

[ A vast majority of all accounts that are suspended for the ]{.c184} [
promotion of terrorism ]{.c184} [ and CSE are proactively flagged by a
combination of technology and other purpose-built internal proprietary
tools. ]{.c197 .c184}

[ When we remove CSE content, we immediately report it to the National
Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC). NCMEC makes reports
available to the appropriate law enforcement agencies around the world
to facilitate investigations and prosecutions. ]{.c197 .c184}

[ O ]{.c184} [ ur current methods for surfacing potentially violative
terrorist content for review include leveraging the shared industry hash
database, e.g., supported by the ]{.c149} [ [Global Internet Forum to
Counter Terrorism
(GIFCT)](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://twitter.com/GIFCT_official&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924687772&usg=AOvVaw38maBrqkmV70pHrrAkcBDn){.c21}
]{.c32} [ , and deploying a range of internal tools and/or utilising the
industry hash sharing (e.g., ]{.c149} [
[PhotoDNA](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://blog.twitter.com/en_us/topics/company/2021/transparency-19&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924688140&usg=AOvVaw2_ujE1bjwHPe4ePDndg1IQ){.c21}
]{.c32} [ ) prior to any reports filed. We ]{.c149} [
[commit](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://blog.twitter.com/en_us/topics/company/2019/addressing-the-abuse-of-tech-to-spread-terrorist-and-extremist-c&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924688386&usg=AOvVaw2IgkFIwsqWiVX17JkJXAuX){.c21}
]{.c32} [ to continuing to invest in technology that improves our
capability to detect and remove, for instance, terrorist and violent
extremist content online, including the extension or development of
digital fingerprinting and AI-based technology solutions. Our
participation in multi-stakeholder communities, such as the ]{.c149} [
[Christchurch Call to
Action](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.christchurchcall.com/&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924688583&usg=AOvVaw3I4xBW82jgqMmjOfoNqi0k){.c21}
]{.c32} [ , ]{.c149} [ [Global Internet Forum to Counter
Terrorism](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://gifct.org/about/&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924688778&usg=AOvVaw2TbbHJ4qGGO1ZmDuPARc1W){.c21}
]{.c32} [ and ]{.c149} [ EU Internet Forum (EUIF) ]{.c184} [ , helps to
identify emerging trends in how terrorists and violent extremists are
using the Internet to promote their content and exploit online platforms
]{.c149} [ . ]{.c184}

[ You can learn more about our commitment to eradicating CSE and
terrorist content, and the actions we've taken ]{.c184} [
[here](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://transparency.twitter.com/en/reports/rules-enforcement.html%232020-jan-jun&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924689251&usg=AOvVaw3Iq2tuaqEQgjAEp2tofWuQ){.c21}
]{.c32} [ . ]{.c184} [ Our continued investment in proprietary
technology is steadily reducing the burden on people to report this
content to us. ]{.c149 .c33}

[ SCALED INVESTIGATIONS ]{.c115}

These moderation activities are supplemented by scaled human
investigations into the tactics, techniques and procedures that bad
actors use to circumvent our rules and policies. These investigations
may leverage signals and behaviours identifiable on our platform, as
well as off-platform information, to identify large-scale and/or
technically sophisticated evasions of our detection and enforcement
activities. For example, through these investigations, we are able to
detect coordinated activity intended to manipulate our platform and
artificially amplify the reach of certain accounts or their content. [
]{.c115}

[ CLOSING STATEMENT ON CONTENT MODERATION ACTIVITIES ]{.c115}

Our content moderation systems are designed and tailored to mitigate
systematic risks without unnecessarily restricting the use of our
service and fundamental rights, especially freedom of expression.
Content moderation activities are implemented and anchored on principled
policies and leverage a diverse set of interventions to ensure that our
actions are reasonable, proportionate and effective. Our content
moderation systems blend automated and human review paired with a robust
appeals system that enables our users to quickly raise potential
moderation anomalies or mistakes.

##  {#h.c2wkoufjr79t .c180 .c13}

Enforcement Activity Summary Data

[ RESTRICTED REACH LABELS ]{.c115} [ DATA ]{.c115} [ : ]{.c115} [
FREEDOM OF SPEECH, NOT REACH ]{.c115}

Our mission at X is to promote and protect the public conversation. We
believe X users have the right to express their opinion and ideas
without fear of censorship. We also believe it is our responsibility to
keep users on our platform safe from content that violates our [
[rules](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/x-rules&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924690749&usg=AOvVaw1G7wSHLDAeqAt14E_N2fLJ){.c21}
]{.c32} [ . ]{.c6}

These beliefs are the foundation of Freedom of Speech, Not Reach - our
freedom of expression based enforcement philosophy which means, where
appropriate, restricting the reach of posts that are classified as
potentially meeting our threshold for enforcement under our Hateful
Conduct, Abuse & Harassment, Civic Integrity, and Violent Speech [
policies. Please note these policies have a range of enforcement
actions, such as removal, suspension, and restricted reach. ]{.c6}

[ Restricting the reach of posts, also known as visibility filtering, is
one of our existing enforcement actions that allows us to move beyond
the binary "leave up versus take down" approach to content moderation.
Posts with these labels will be made less discoverable on the platform.
This can include: ]{.c6}

-   [ Excluding the post from search results, trends, and recommended
    notifications; ]{.c6}
-   [ Removing the post from the For you and Following timelines; ]{.c6}
-   [ Restricting the post's discoverability to the author's profile;
    ]{.c6}
-   [ Downranking the post in replies; ]{.c6}
-   [ Restricting Likes, replies, Reposts, Quote posts, bookmarks,
    share, pin to profile, or Edit post. ]{.c6}

Additionally, these labels bring transparency to this enforcement action
by displaying which policy the post potentially violates to both the
author and other users on X, and communicating that the post's
visibility is limited. Authors can submit a complaint on the label if
they think we incorrectly limited their post's visibility.

[ RESTRICTED REACH LABELS ]{.c115} [ DATA ]{.c115}

[]{#t.283cded7a74afadd6680c25c4df1a0c84d273a7b} []{#t.0}

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ------------------ ------------------- ------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------------ ---------------- ----------------- -------------------- --------------------- ----------------- ---------------------- ----------------- ------------------- ------------------ ------------------- ------------------- ------------------ ----------------- -----------------------
  [ Restricted Reach Labels - Aug 28 to Oct 20 ]{.c22}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  [ Detection ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                [ Enforcement ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                           [ Policy ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                   [ Austria ]{.c6}   [ Belgium ]{.c6}   [ Bulgaria ]{.c6}   [ Croatia ]{.c6}   [ Cyprus ]{.c6}   [ Czechia ]{.c6}   [ Denmark ]{.c6}   [ Estonia ]{.c6}   [ Finland ]{.c6}   [ France ]{.c6}   [ Germany ]{.c6}   [ Greece ]{.c6}   [ Hungary ]{.c6}   [ Ireland ]{.c6}   [ Italy ]{.c6}   [ Latvia ]{.c6}   [ Lithuania ]{.c6}   [ Luxembourg ]{.c6}   [ Malta ]{.c6}    [ Netherlands ]{.c6}   [ Poland ]{.c6}   [ Portugal ]{.c6}   [ Romania ]{.c6}   [ Slovakia ]{.c6}   [ Slovenia ]{.c6}   [ Spain ]{.c6}     [ Sweden ]{.c6}   [ Grand Total ]{.c22}
  [ Own Initiative ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                           [ Automated Means ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                       [ [Hateful Conduct](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/hateful-conduct-policy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924704820&usg=AOvVaw06AbPMskxUzY7Ly24A-mBr){.c21} ]{.c32}   [ 1,118 ]{.c6}     [ 2,137 ]{.c6}     [ 653 ]{.c6}        [ 759 ]{.c6}       [ 251 ]{.c6}      [ 1,333 ]{.c6}     [ 1,311 ]{.c6}     [ 281 ]{.c6}       [ 1,389 ]{.c6}     [ 11,279 ]{.c6}   [ 9,913 ]{.c6}     [ 1,015 ]{.c6}    [ 707 ]{.c6}       [ 3,760 ]{.c6}     [ 2,631 ]{.c6}   [ 320 ]{.c6}      [ 461 ]{.c6}         [ 190 ]{.c6}          [ 121 ]{.c6}      [ 6,711 ]{.c6}         [ 5,263 ]{.c6}    [ 1,528 ]{.c6}      [ 1,944 ]{.c6}     [ 417 ]{.c6}        [ 423 ]{.c6}        [ 9,706 ]{.c6}     [ 3,827 ]{.c6}    [ 69,448 ]{.c22}
  [ Manual Review ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                            [ [Abuse & Harassment](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/abusive-behavior&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924711452&usg=AOvVaw0mSoPrOnGpYJT1-iPEAk6z){.c21} ]{.c32}   [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                        [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 10 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}            [ 2 ]{.c6}        [ 6 ]{.c6}             [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 1 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}          [ 1 ]{.c6}          [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 27 ]{.c22}      
  [ [Hateful Conduct](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/hateful-conduct-policy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924717712&usg=AOvVaw3gwHQc1ZkgFqE8su_n8gPb){.c21} ]{.c32}   [ 31 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                    [ 10 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                       [ 11 ]{.c6}        [ 17 ]{.c6}        [ 14 ]{.c6}         [ 15 ]{.c6}        [ 61 ]{.c6}       [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 22 ]{.c6}        [ 56 ]{.c6}        [ 127 ]{.c6}       [ 14 ]{.c6}       [ 4 ]{.c6}         [ 62 ]{.c6}       [ 26 ]{.c6}        [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}       [ 2 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 169 ]{.c6}          [ 407 ]{.c6}      [ 12 ]{.c6}            [ 30 ]{.c6}       [ 2 ]{.c6}          [ 10 ]{.c6}        [ 39 ]{.c6}         [ 82 ]{.c6}         [ 1,228 ]{.c22}                      
  [ [Violent Speech](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/violent-speech&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924724122&usg=AOvVaw1NOi7tXN7AAOEPzqkMyfah){.c21} ]{.c32}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                           [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}                           [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}                                              [ 1 ]{.c6}                                              [ 2 ]{.c6}            [ 4 ]{.c6}                                                                                                            [ 2 ]{.c6}          [ 15 ]{.c22}                         
  [ User Report ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                              [ Manual Review ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                         [ [Abuse & Harassment](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/abusive-behavior&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924730537&usg=AOvVaw1h9gNS75vVEURjuznlyw6i){.c21} ]{.c32}      [ 87 ]{.c6}        [ 244 ]{.c6}       [ 73 ]{.c6}         [ 42 ]{.c6}        [ 24 ]{.c6}       [ 159 ]{.c6}       [ 99 ]{.c6}        [ 38 ]{.c6}        [ 75 ]{.c6}        [ 2,093 ]{.c6}    [ 1,069 ]{.c6}     [ 194 ]{.c6}      [ 87 ]{.c6}        [ 223 ]{.c6}       [ 827 ]{.c6}     [ 53 ]{.c6}       [ 40 ]{.c6}          [ 16 ]{.c6}           [ 1 ]{.c6}        [ 672 ]{.c6}           [ 866 ]{.c6}      [ 299 ]{.c6}        [ 221 ]{.c6}       [ 29 ]{.c6}         [ 19 ]{.c6}         [ 1,868 ]{.c6}     [ 204 ]{.c6}      [ 9,622 ]{.c22}
  [ [Hateful Conduct](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/hateful-conduct-policy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924736568&usg=AOvVaw1vM3cXuujR8It6plUrQ-zk){.c21} ]{.c32}   [ 95 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                    [ 251 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                      [ 52 ]{.c6}        [ 65 ]{.c6}        [ 28 ]{.c6}         [ 144 ]{.c6}       [ 90 ]{.c6}       [ 17 ]{.c6}        [ 139 ]{.c6}       [ 2,313 ]{.c6}     [ 1,046 ]{.c6}     [ 97 ]{.c6}       [ 115 ]{.c6}       [ 248 ]{.c6}      [ 526 ]{.c6}       [ 54 ]{.c6}        [ 85 ]{.c6}      [ 18 ]{.c6}       [ 9 ]{.c6}           [ 727 ]{.c6}          [ 803 ]{.c6}      [ 300 ]{.c6}           [ 145 ]{.c6}      [ 32 ]{.c6}         [ 38 ]{.c6}        [ 1,429 ]{.c6}      [ 301 ]{.c6}        [ 9,167 ]{.c22}                      
  [ [Violent Speech](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/violent-speech&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924743091&usg=AOvVaw2YMm6Eb9UVO009gcU5igoW){.c21} ]{.c32}            [ 13 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                    [ 35 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                       [ 12 ]{.c6}        [ 9 ]{.c6}         [ 6 ]{.c6}          [ 22 ]{.c6}        [ 23 ]{.c6}                          [ 19 ]{.c6}        [ 321 ]{.c6}       [ 261 ]{.c6}       [ 22 ]{.c6}       [ 8 ]{.c6}         [ 29 ]{.c6}       [ 79 ]{.c6}        [ 4 ]{.c6}         [ 15 ]{.c6}      [ 1 ]{.c6}        [ 3 ]{.c6}           [ 173 ]{.c6}          [ 79 ]{.c6}       [ 56 ]{.c6}            [ 22 ]{.c6}       [ 2 ]{.c6}          [ 9 ]{.c6}         [ 131 ]{.c6}        [ 69 ]{.c6}         [ 1,423 ]{.c22}                      
  [ Grand Total ]{.c22}                                                                                                                                                                                             [ 1,345 ]{.c22}                                                                                                                                                                                                [ 2,678 ]{.c22}                                                                                                                                                                                                   [ 802 ]{.c22}      [ 893 ]{.c22}      [ 323 ]{.c22}       [ 1,673 ]{.c22}    [ 1,584 ]{.c22}   [ 337 ]{.c22}      [ 1,644 ]{.c22}    [ 16,064 ]{.c22}   [ 12,428 ]{.c22}   [ 1,342 ]{.c22}   [ 922 ]{.c22}      [ 4,323 ]{.c22}   [ 4,089 ]{.c22}    [ 433 ]{.c22}      [ 604 ]{.c22}    [ 227 ]{.c22}     [ 134 ]{.c22}        [ 8,456 ]{.c22}       [ 7,428 ]{.c22}   [ 2,195 ]{.c22}        [ 2,363 ]{.c22}   [ 482 ]{.c22}       [ 500 ]{.c22}      [ 13,174 ]{.c22}    [ 4,487 ]{.c22}     [ 90,930 ]{.c22}                     
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ------------------ ------------------- ------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------------ ---------------- ----------------- -------------------- --------------------- ----------------- ---------------------- ----------------- ------------------- ------------------ ------------------- ------------------- ------------------ ----------------- -----------------------

Important Note: [ The table lists actions of visibility filtering on
content potentially violative of our rules in accordance with our
Freedom of Speech, Not Reach enforcement philosophy. We did not apply
any visibility filtering based on illegal content. ]{.c6}

[ AC ]{.c115} [ T ]{.c115} [ IONS TAKEN ON CONTENT FOR TIUC TERMS OF
SERVICE AND RULES VIOLATIONS ]{.c115}

[]{#t.d3de64c70fac3be7ef6f1265f8c2414abcef3f22} []{#t.1}

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- ------------------ ---------------- --------------- --------------- ----------------- ----------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- -------------- ----------------- ----------------- ----------------- ----------------- --------------- --------------- ----------------- ----------------- ------------------ -------------- -----------------------
  [ TIUC Terms of Service ]{.c22} and Rules [ Content Removal Actions ]{.c22} [ - Aug 28 to Oct 20\* ]{.c22}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  Detection Method                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Enforcement Process                                                                                                                                                                                            Policy                                                                                                                                                                                                         Austria         Belgium         Bulgaria        Croatia         Cyprus          Czechia         Denmark         Estonia            Finland          France          Germany         Greece            Hungary           Ireland         Italy           Latvia          Lithuania      Luxembourg        Malta             Netherlands       Poland            Portugal        Romania         Slovakia          Slovenia          Spain              Sweden         [ Grand Total ]{.c22}
  User Report                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Manual Review                                                                                                                                                                                                  [ [Abuse & Harassment](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/abusive-behavior&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924773792&usg=AOvVaw2h0KCZNzFqft9ONWrGKcsP){.c21} ]{.c32}   78              197             83              54              27              123             72              17                 85               4,291           1,088           142               49                89              560             348             197            32                4                 1,077             976               226             730             17                21                1,214              148            [ 11,945 ]{.c22}
  [ [Child Sexual Exploitation](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/sexual-exploitation-policy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924781592&usg=AOvVaw2tlfpo6JE1kydcEv8j1IBB){.c21} ]{.c32}                                1                                                                                                                                                                                                              3                                                                                                                                                                                                              1               1               0               0               0               1               0               10                 16               0               0               0                 2                 1               1               0               1              5                 15                0                 4                 0               0               7                 0                 [ 69 ]{.c22}                      
  [ [Counterfeit](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/counterfeit-goods-policy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924789339&usg=AOvVaw0TtRUngc0-C85x1ORTPKdT){.c21} ]{.c32}                                                0                                                                                                                                                                                                              0                                                                                                                                                                                                              0               0               0               0               2               0               0               15                 1                0               0               0                 1                 0               0               0               0              9                 0                 0                 0                 0               0               15                0                 [ 43 ]{.c22}                      
  [ [Deceased Individuals](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/contact-x-about-media-on-a-deceased-family-members-account&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924796685&usg=AOvVaw0vviwakR_km2D6xoMKwIkl){.c21} ]{.c32}     1                                                                                                                                                                                                              4                                                                                                                                                                                                              0               0               0               0               0               0               0               13                 9                1               0               1                 6                 0               0               0               0              2                 3                 0                 2                 0               0               6                 2                 [ 50 ]{.c22}                      
  [ [Hateful Conduct](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/hateful-conduct-policy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924804010&usg=AOvVaw2JNHT3lWE54uHMac3pyR1S){.c21} ]{.c32}                                              3                                                                                                                                                                                                              15                                                                                                                                                                                                             0               1               0               1               0               0               4               130                34               5               2               9                 14                0               0               0               0              11                33                3                 11                2               0               22                6                 [ 306 ]{.c22}                     
  [ [Illegal or Certain Regulated Goods and Services](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/regulated-goods-services&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924811290&usg=AOvVaw3Xg1n3vIJYQlX_qbWc9ohU){.c21} ]{.c32}            2                                                                                                                                                                                                              6                                                                                                                                                                                                              50              22              1               20              1               2               17              1,420              225              13              3               7                 94                101             139             0               0              342               214               8                 59                8               0               184               2                 [ 2,940 ]{.c22}                   
  [ [Misleading & Deceptive Identities](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/x-impersonation-and-deceptive-identities-policy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924818925&usg=AOvVaw3pMbHlGd--LLKm4Fr2Qc4p){.c21} ]{.c32}   0                                                                                                                                                                                                              0                                                                                                                                                                                                              0               0               0               0               0               0               0               0                  0                0               0               0                 0                 0               0               0               0              0                 0                 0                 0                 0               0               0                 0                 [ 0 ]{.c22}                       
  [ [Non-Consensual Nudity](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/intimate-media&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924826934&usg=AOvVaw012A-L2u6rn9GOKkoWZwb7){.c21} ]{.c32}                                                0                                                                                                                                                                                                              16                                                                                                                                                                                                             31              1               0               10              2               2               5               132                134              49              7               10                34                6               3               1               0              232               128               1                 93                0               1               144               30                [ 1,072 ]{.c22}                   
  [ [Perpetrators of Violent Attacks](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/perpetrators-of-violent-attacks&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924834657&usg=AOvVaw3cTswhsIEokvBwRta4nTip){.c21} ]{.c32}                     1                                                                                                                                                                                                              0                                                                                                                                                                                                              0               0               0               0               0               0               0               4                  0                0               0               1                 0                 0               0               0               0              4                 0                 1                 0                 0               0               2                 0                 [ 13 ]{.c22}                      
  [ [Private Information & Media](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/personal-information&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924842694&usg=AOvVaw3qodQ86xGH9MHSiP4hdlbx){.c21} ]{.c32}                                    2                                                                                                                                                                                                              6                                                                                                                                                                                                              1               0               0               3               1               0               1               90                 39               0               0               7                 8                 10              0               0               8              25                26                6                 1                 0               1               36                2                 [ 273 ]{.c22}                     
  [ [Sensitive Media](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/media-policy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924850589&usg=AOvVaw2Xuyvh7o11qeLtV2kc0yRm){.c21} ]{.c32}                                                        26                                                                                                                                                                                                             44                                                                                                                                                                                                             7               5               5               19              6               7               18              360                301              23              16              121               119               8               5               3               0              123               89                38                17                9               4               256               58                [ 1,687 ]{.c22}                   
  [ [Suicide & Self Harm](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/glorifying-self-harm&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924858316&usg=AOvVaw3sqNQQqu_Kj75SZdz5Sh82){.c21} ]{.c32}                                            12                                                                                                                                                                                                             28                                                                                                                                                                                                             8               5               2               12              22              4               17              177                189              20              10              20                124               5               10              7               0              122               171               117               21                3               5               215               99                [ 1,425 ]{.c22}                   
  [ [Synthetic & Manipulated Media](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/manipulated-media&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924866048&usg=AOvVaw2pAvwVBoy_ThnvOeKIVvUS){.c21} ]{.c32}                                     0                                                                                                                                                                                                              0                                                                                                                                                                                                              0               0               0               0               0               0               0               0                  0                0               0               0                 0                 0               0               0               0              1                 0                 0                 0                 0               0               0                 0                 [ 1 ]{.c22}                       
  [ [Violent Speech](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/violent-speech&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924873984&usg=AOvVaw3cNG3Dr-fJxVJgXqxuMZVx){.c21} ]{.c32}                                                       73                                                                                                                                                                                                             170                                                                                                                                                                                                            25              31              11              72              70              9               51              1,669              1,143            65              55              93                455               26              29              9               2              582               487               329               80                21              20              529               202               [ 6,308 ]{.c22}                   
  Own Initiative                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Automated Means                                                                                                                                                                                                [ [Abuse & Harassment](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/abusive-behavior&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924882585&usg=AOvVaw02FC0zRH9AjpzJQ-9ajNs2){.c21} ]{.c32}   3               5               0               0               2               1               3               0                  0                19              47              1                 1                 5               5               0               0              0                 0                 7                 2                 3               0               0                 0                 6                  3              [ 113 ]{.c22}
  [ [Hateful Conduct](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/hateful-conduct-policy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924890224&usg=AOvVaw3w67QoWaK-huBO3X0V3uEf){.c21} ]{.c32}                                              0                                                                                                                                                                                                              0                                                                                                                                                                                                              0               0               0               0               0               0               0               0                  0                0               0               0                 0                 0               0               0               0              0                 0                 9                 0                 0               0               2                 0                 [ 11 ]{.c22}                      
  [ [Non-Consensual Nudity](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/intimate-media&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924898668&usg=AOvVaw1RHJlKiCvxzHIKK7bGPSVN){.c21} ]{.c32}                                                2                                                                                                                                                                                                              1                                                                                                                                                                                                              0               0               0               108             19              0               2               201                26               0               44              103               30                26              0               1               0              7                 3                 4                 7                 0               0               0                 27                [ 611 ]{.c22}                     
  Other                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        1                                                                                                                                                                                                              1                                                                                                                                                                                                              0               0               0               0               0               0               0               3                  3                0               0               1                 0                 0               0               0               0              1                 0                 0                 0                 0               0               0                 1                 [ 11 ]{.c22}                      
  [ [Perpetrators of Violent Attacks](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/perpetrators-of-violent-attacks&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924913976&usg=AOvVaw0vVXEGfQ4NCY6YDeRPoOlt){.c21} ]{.c32}                     0                                                                                                                                                                                                              0                                                                                                                                                                                                              0               0               0               0               0               0               0               0                  1                1               0               0                 2                 0               0               0               0              2                 0                 0                 1                 0               0               0                 1                 [ 8 ]{.c22}                       
  [ [Private Information & Media](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/personal-information&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924921662&usg=AOvVaw1VgE8ly6DAgy2ZCW8uoEll){.c21} ]{.c32}                                    0                                                                                                                                                                                                              1                                                                                                                                                                                                              0               0               0               1               0               0               0               2                  1                0               0               0                 0                 0               0               0               0              0                 0                 0                 0                 0               0               0                 1                 [ 6 ]{.c22}                       
  [ [Sensitive Media](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/media-policy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924930077&usg=AOvVaw0ZEYyECYo7a6LhI6NFYe5A){.c21} ]{.c32}                                                        0                                                                                                                                                                                                              0                                                                                                                                                                                                              0               0               0               0               0               0               0               1                  0                0               0               0                 0                 0               0               0               0              0                 0                 0                 0                 0               0               0                 0                 [ 1 ]{.c22}                       
  [ [Violent Speech](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/violent-speech&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924939258&usg=AOvVaw1P-yGN7Ot6fAGb--7PCkRJ){.c21} ]{.c32}                                                       224                                                                                                                                                                                                            564                                                                                                                                                                                                            167             109             44              202             260             51              204             6,041              1,986            216             155             592               575               54              100             48              27             1,160             825               346               371               70              61              4,118             597               [ 19,167 ]{.c22}                  
  Manual Review                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                [ [Abuse & Harassment](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/abusive-behavior&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924948367&usg=AOvVaw3iQ0_rYeuv-15dTJkGT-44){.c21} ]{.c32}   3                                                                                                                                                                                                              2               3               1               0               0               2               0               0                  3                7               1               0                 0                 0               0               3               0              0                 0                 15                1                 7               0               0                 1                 1                  [ 50 ]{.c22}   
  [ [Hateful Conduct](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/hateful-conduct-policy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924957368&usg=AOvVaw2h1veumHXgskE9aVmq_0qO){.c21} ]{.c32}                                              0                                                                                                                                                                                                              0                                                                                                                                                                                                              0               0               0               0               0               0               0               0                  1                0               0               0                 0                 0               0               0               0              0                 0                 0                 0                 0               0               0                 0                 [ 1 ]{.c22}                       
  [ [Illegal or Certain Regulated Goods and Services](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/regulated-goods-services&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924966515&usg=AOvVaw3hs_nMWlTKwR8eKqYI7iz7){.c21} ]{.c32}            0                                                                                                                                                                                                              0                                                                                                                                                                                                              1               0               0               0               0               0               0               0                  0                0               0               0                 0                 0               0               0               0              0                 1                 0                 3                 0               0               0                 0                 [ 5 ]{.c22}                       
  [ [Non-Consensual Nudity](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/intimate-media&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924975291&usg=AOvVaw0Azwj3kaZ6LY-CIPJb71PC){.c21} ]{.c32}                                                0                                                                                                                                                                                                              0                                                                                                                                                                                                              0               0               0               0               0               0               0               0                  0                0               0               0                 1                 0               0               0               0              1                 1                 0                 0                 0               0               0                 0                 [ 3 ]{.c22}                       
  [ [Private Information & Media](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/personal-information&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924983688&usg=AOvVaw1vct_u9fWL9zD-OsYXodre){.c21} ]{.c32}                                    3                                                                                                                                                                                                              1                                                                                                                                                                                                              0               2               0               4               8               0               0               9                  14               0               6               5                 2                 16              0               0               1              4                 3                 1                 2                 0               0               1                 1                 [ 83 ]{.c22}                      
  [ [Sensitive Media](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/media-policy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092924991667&usg=AOvVaw0WTneci9s-so5_80ifcBMO){.c21} ]{.c32}                                                        140                                                                                                                                                                                                            336                                                                                                                                                                                                            42              41              41              182             106             13              112             1,683              1,866            63              24              96                330               3               69              30              2              1,107             291               70                127               15              51              977               421               [ 8,238 ]{.c22}                   
  [ [Suicide & Self Harm](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/glorifying-self-harm&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925000120&usg=AOvVaw1CUUk2-UmLqYSsagwqkWcO){.c21} ]{.c32}                                            5                                                                                                                                                                                                              0                                                                                                                                                                                                              0               1               0               4               2               0               3               8                  18               0               1               2                 5                 2               2               0               0              9                 20                4                 2                 1               0               7                 4                 [ 100 ]{.c22}                     
  [ [Violent Speech](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/violent-speech&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925008778&usg=AOvVaw2Z97sANUg4sxujNGVkLV9p){.c21} ]{.c32}                                                       3                                                                                                                                                                                                              3                                                                                                                                                                                                              1               0               0               0               0               0               2               7                  11               1               1               2                 2                 0               4               0               0              17                12                2                 2                 0               0               1                 3                 [ 74 ]{.c22}                      
  [ Grand Total ]{.c22}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        [ 583 ]{.c22}                                                                                                                                                                                                  [ 1403 ]{.c22}                                                                                                                                                                                                 [ 420 ]{.c22}   [ 274 ]{.c22}   [ 133 ]{.c22}   [ 762 ]{.c22}   [ 576 ]{.c22}   [ 106 ]{.c22}   [ 521 ]{.c22}   [ 16,288 ]{.c22}   [ 7160 ]{.c22}   [ 601 ]{.c22}   [ 374 ]{.c22}   [ 1,164 ]{.c22}   [ 2,369 ]{.c22}   [ 606 ]{.c22}   [ 562 ]{.c22}   [ 131 ]{.c22}   [ 45 ]{.c22}   [ 4,850 ]{.c22}   [ 3,315 ]{.c22}   [ 1,169 ]{.c22}   [ 1,540 ]{.c22}   [ 146 ]{.c22}   [ 164 ]{.c22}   [ 7,743 ]{.c22}   [ 1,609 ]{.c22}   [ 54,614 ]{.c22}                  
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- ------------------ ---------------- --------------- --------------- ----------------- ----------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- -------------- ----------------- ----------------- ----------------- ----------------- --------------- --------------- ----------------- ----------------- ------------------ -------------- -----------------------

[ ACTIONS TAKEN ]{.c115} [ ON ACCOUNTS FOR TIUC TERMS OF SERVICE AND
RULES VIOLATIONS ]{.c115}

[]{#t.209dcecdea35644d687864143a4baf8b99379396} []{#t.2}

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ------------------ ------------------- ------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ------------------- ------------------- ------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ------------------- ------------------ ------------------ ----------------- -------------------- --------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ------------------ ------------------- ------------------ ------------------- ------------------- --------------------- ----------------- -----------------------------
  [ TIUC Terms of Service and Rules Account Suspensions - Aug 28 to Oct 20 ]{.c22}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
  [ Detection Method ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    [ Enforcement Process ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                   [ Policy ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                 [ Austria ]{.c6}   [ Belgium ]{.c6}   [ Bulgaria ]{.c6}   [ Croatia ]{.c6}   [ Cyprus ]{.c6}    [ Czechia ]{.c6}   [ Denmark ]{.c6}   [ Estonia ]{.c6}    [ Finland ]{.c6}    [ France ]{.c6}    [ Germany ]{.c6}   [ Greece ]{.c6}    [ Hungary ]{.c6}    [ Ireland ]{.c6}   [ Italy ]{.c6}     [ Latvia ]{.c6}   [ Lithuania ]{.c6}   [ Luxembourg ]{.c6}   [ Malta ]{.c6}      [ Netherlands ]{.c6}   [ Poland ]{.c6}    [ Portugal ]{.c6}   [ Romania ]{.c6}   [ Slovakia ]{.c6}   [ Slovenia ]{.c6}   [ Spain ]{.c6}        [ Sweden ]{.c6}   [ Grand Total ]{.c22}
  [ User Report ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         [ Manual Review ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                         [ [Abuse & Harassment](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/abusive-behavior&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925039135&usg=AOvVaw0F5JxveneSvXc8dj0pQ6wi){.c21} ]{.c32}                    [ 86 ]{.c6}        [ 70 ]{.c6}        [ 47 ]{.c6}         [ 15 ]{.c6}        [ 32 ]{.c6}        [ 73 ]{.c6}        [ 81 ]{.c6}        [ 8 ]{.c6}          [ 36 ]{.c6}         [ 2,475 ]{.c6}     [ 726 ]{.c6}       [ 38 ]{.c6}        [ 27 ]{.c6}         [ 63 ]{.c6}        [ 199 ]{.c6}       [ 312 ]{.c6}      [ 266 ]{.c6}         [ 12 ]{.c6}           [ 3 ]{.c6}          [ 887 ]{.c6}           [ 669 ]{.c6}       [ 68 ]{.c6}         [ 162 ]{.c6}       [ 8 ]{.c6}          [ 3 ]{.c6}          [ 486 ]{.c6}          [ 43 ]{.c6}       [ 6,895 ]{.c22}
  [ [Ban Evasion](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/ban-evasion&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925047543&usg=AOvVaw1QB8Pha8zxbk9EOnD05a3l){.c21} ]{.c32}                                                             [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                     [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                      [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 12 ]{.c6}        [ 26 ]{.c6}         [ 14 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}          [ 3 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 1 ]{.c6}           [ 6 ]{.c6}            [ 3 ]{.c6}          [ 1 ]{.c6}             [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 5 ]{.c6}          [ 4 ]{.c6}          [ 87 ]{.c22}                            
  [ [Child Sexual Exploitation](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/sexual-exploitation-policy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925055852&usg=AOvVaw39TnBu1jJeJrOQMGyUn-6Z){.c21} ]{.c32}                                [ 194 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                   [ 237 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                    [ 372 ]{.c6}       [ 122 ]{.c6}       [ 55 ]{.c6}         [ 661 ]{.c6}       [ 138 ]{.c6}       [ 36 ]{.c6}        [ 121 ]{.c6}       [ 4,157 ]{.c6}      [ 2,150 ]{.c6}      [ 164 ]{.c6}       [ 270 ]{.c6}       [ 1,823 ]{.c6}     [ 695 ]{.c6}        [ 557 ]{.c6}       [ 581 ]{.c6}       [ 84 ]{.c6}       [ 63 ]{.c6}          [ 2,387 ]{.c6}        [ 2,543 ]{.c6}      [ 634 ]{.c6}           [ 1,768 ]{.c6}     [ 258 ]{.c6}        [ 32 ]{.c6}        [ 875 ]{.c6}        [ 1,566 ]{.c6}      [ 22,543 ]{.c22}                        
  [ [Copyright Repeated Infringer](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/copyright-policy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925063610&usg=AOvVaw39c9u0kg3blS12ph5GvZWW){.c21} ]{.c32}                                       [ 2 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                     [ 7 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                      [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}          [ 6 ]{.c6}         [ 5 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 4 ]{.c6}         [ 116 ]{.c6}        [ 50 ]{.c6}         [ 3 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 9 ]{.c6}         [ 41 ]{.c6}         [ 5 ]{.c6}         [ 3 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 22 ]{.c6}           [ 41 ]{.c6}         [ 20 ]{.c6}            [ 5 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}          [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 91 ]{.c6}         [ 8 ]{.c6}          [ 447 ]{.c22}                           
  [ [Counterfeit](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/counterfeit-goods-policy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925070341&usg=AOvVaw3RzV7AdU-miAztUtsR2Uj8){.c21} ]{.c32}                                                [ 4 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                     [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                      [ 3 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 5 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 3 ]{.c6}         [ 60 ]{.c6}         [ 21 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 5 ]{.c6}          [ 8 ]{.c6}         [ 7 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}        [ 1 ]{.c6}           [ 30 ]{.c6}           [ 13 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}             [ 13 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 25 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}          [ 204 ]{.c22}                           
  [ [Deceased Individuals](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/contact-x-about-media-on-a-deceased-family-members-account&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925077449&usg=AOvVaw2XvETKNECEobZJURCpyDKm){.c21} ]{.c32}     [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                     [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                      [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}            [ 1 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}             [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 3 ]{.c22}                             
  [ [Distribution of Hacked Materials](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/hacked-materials&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925083815&usg=AOvVaw1Qji6PE8SFkSW4jcBPHEVT){.c21} ]{.c32}                                   [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                     [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                      [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}            [ 1 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}             [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 1 ]{.c22}                             
  [ [Financial Scam](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/financial-scam&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925091525&usg=AOvVaw2tq1h6aGvz0ZSPSMau-53k){.c21} ]{.c32}                                                       [ 3 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                     [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                      [ 7 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}          [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 48 ]{.c6}         [ 24 ]{.c6}         [ 3 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 13 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 4 ]{.c6}            [ 20 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}             [ 5 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 9 ]{.c6}          [ 4 ]{.c6}          [ 150 ]{.c22}                           
  [ [Hateful Conduct](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/hateful-conduct-policy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925098929&usg=AOvVaw1py0Rm5zH-j08B-yf9gBga){.c21} ]{.c32}                                              [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                     [ 12 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                     [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 4 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 5 ]{.c6}         [ 4 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 7 ]{.c6}         [ 79 ]{.c6}         [ 59 ]{.c6}         [ 4 ]{.c6}         [ 3 ]{.c6}         [ 5 ]{.c6}         [ 14 ]{.c6}         [ 8 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 22 ]{.c6}           [ 41 ]{.c6}         [ 10 ]{.c6}            [ 8 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}          [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 38 ]{.c6}         [ 11 ]{.c6}         [ 343 ]{.c22}                           
  [ [Illegal or Certain Regulated Goods and Services](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/regulated-goods-services&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925106444&usg=AOvVaw09vBArs5txjiOSOqUvVGJH){.c21} ]{.c32}            [ 27 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                    [ 24 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                     [ 54 ]{.c6}        [ 21 ]{.c6}        [ 9 ]{.c6}          [ 56 ]{.c6}        [ 34 ]{.c6}        [ 7 ]{.c6}         [ 24 ]{.c6}        [ 1,241 ]{.c6}      [ 416 ]{.c6}        [ 27 ]{.c6}        [ 26 ]{.c6}        [ 43 ]{.c6}        [ 95 ]{.c6}         [ 167 ]{.c6}       [ 253 ]{.c6}       [ 6 ]{.c6}        [ 2 ]{.c6}           [ 341 ]{.c6}          [ 479 ]{.c6}        [ 21 ]{.c6}            [ 89 ]{.c6}        [ 6 ]{.c6}          [ 6 ]{.c6}         [ 187 ]{.c6}        [ 9 ]{.c6}          [ 3,670 ]{.c22}                         
  [ [Misleading & Deceptive Identities](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/x-impersonation-and-deceptive-identities-policy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925114377&usg=AOvVaw0T2G1ZnddkFuT_BDbjgvel){.c21} ]{.c32}   [ 13 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                    [ 29 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                     [ 24 ]{.c6}        [ 11 ]{.c6}        [ 9 ]{.c6}          [ 38 ]{.c6}        [ 14 ]{.c6}        [ 4 ]{.c6}         [ 7 ]{.c6}         [ 274 ]{.c6}        [ 213 ]{.c6}        [ 28 ]{.c6}        [ 16 ]{.c6}        [ 112 ]{.c6}       [ 106 ]{.c6}        [ 12 ]{.c6}        [ 16 ]{.c6}        [ 9 ]{.c6}        [ 5 ]{.c6}           [ 164 ]{.c6}          [ 180 ]{.c6}        [ 38 ]{.c6}            [ 70 ]{.c6}        [ 10 ]{.c6}         [ 3 ]{.c6}         [ 208 ]{.c6}        [ 47 ]{.c6}         [ 1,660 ]{.c22}                         
  [ [Non-Consensual Nudity](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/intimate-media&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925122671&usg=AOvVaw2kTwXudpsc7dWaZvbgyN7W){.c21} ]{.c32}                                                [ 5 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                     [ 13 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                     [ 9 ]{.c6}         [ 7 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}          [ 8 ]{.c6}         [ 5 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 4 ]{.c6}         [ 73 ]{.c6}         [ 108 ]{.c6}        [ 16 ]{.c6}        [ 8 ]{.c6}         [ 16 ]{.c6}        [ 26 ]{.c6}         [ 3 ]{.c6}         [ 11 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 70 ]{.c6}           [ 76 ]{.c6}         [ 6 ]{.c6}             [ 29 ]{.c6}        [ 2 ]{.c6}          [ 3 ]{.c6}         [ 57 ]{.c6}         [ 13 ]{.c6}         [ 571 ]{.c22}                           
  Other                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        [ 30 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                    [ 27 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                     [ 12 ]{.c6}        [ 5 ]{.c6}         [ 5 ]{.c6}          [ 29 ]{.c6}        [ 20 ]{.c6}        [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 8 ]{.c6}         [ 4,744 ]{.c6}      [ 634 ]{.c6}        [ 14 ]{.c6}        [ 17 ]{.c6}        [ 31 ]{.c6}        [ 88 ]{.c6}         [ 67 ]{.c6}        [ 55 ]{.c6}        [ 7 ]{.c6}        [ 3 ]{.c6}           [ 160 ]{.c6}          [ 263 ]{.c6}        [ 23 ]{.c6}            [ 65 ]{.c6}        [ 2 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 98 ]{.c6}         [ 36 ]{.c6}         [ 6,445 ]{.c22}                         
  [ [Perpetrators of Violent Attacks](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/perpetrators-of-violent-attacks&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925137707&usg=AOvVaw3P1BCZJlR4peBSZuTircix){.c21} ]{.c32}                     [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                     [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                      [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 3 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 3 ]{.c6}         [ 6 ]{.c6}         [ 13 ]{.c6}         [ 12 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 6 ]{.c6}         [ 8 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}        [ 1 ]{.c6}           [ 6 ]{.c6}            [ 16 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}             [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 18 ]{.c6}         [ 4 ]{.c6}          [ 105 ]{.c22}                           
  [ [Platform Manipulation & Spam](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/platform-manipulation&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925146290&usg=AOvVaw1y__3Pb11OJj8vY-fll7CI){.c21} ]{.c32}                                  [ 1,861 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                 [ 2,299 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                  [ 2,423 ]{.c6}     [ 1,216 ]{.c6}     [ 430 ]{.c6}        [ 3,623 ]{.c6}     [ 1,233 ]{.c6}     [ 194 ]{.c6}       [ 729 ]{.c6}       [ 139,102 ]{.c6}    [ 28,537 ]{.c6}     [ 1,806 ]{.c6}     [ 2,671 ]{.c6}     [ 5,080 ]{.c6}     [ 209,019 ]{.c6}    [ 2,494 ]{.c6}     [ 6,304 ]{.c6}     [ 923 ]{.c6}      [ 319 ]{.c6}         [ 7,201 ]{.c6}        [ 16,176 ]{.c6}     [ 1,954 ]{.c6}         [ 2,592 ]{.c6}     [ 675 ]{.c6}        [ 263 ]{.c6}       [ 7,521 ]{.c6}      [ 2,483 ]{.c6}      [ 449,128 ]{.c22}                       
  [ [Private Information & Media](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/personal-information&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925153625&usg=AOvVaw3rJOsLYBLAW_WMprhPMq7j){.c21} ]{.c32}                                    [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                     [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                      [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 3 ]{.c6}          [ 7 ]{.c6}          [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}          [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 4 ]{.c6}            [ 3 ]{.c6}          [ 1 ]{.c6}             [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 5 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 34 ]{.c22}                            
  [ [Sensitive Media](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/media-policy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925161095&usg=AOvVaw1Ugh4uRP6nLiHEodvxbzFr){.c21} ]{.c32}                                                        [ 2 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                     [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                      [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 15 ]{.c6}         [ 27 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 3 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 5 ]{.c6}          [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 8 ]{.c6}            [ 6 ]{.c6}          [ 1 ]{.c6}             [ 3 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 4 ]{.c6}          [ 1 ]{.c6}          [ 85 ]{.c22}                            
  [ [Suicide & Self Harm](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/glorifying-self-harm&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925168903&usg=AOvVaw1FWMV494dwDgz0msUqI2X3){.c21} ]{.c32}                                            [ 2 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                     [ 4 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                      [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 5 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 4 ]{.c6}         [ 18 ]{.c6}         [ 17 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 3 ]{.c6}         [ 10 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 8 ]{.c6}            [ 12 ]{.c6}         [ 3 ]{.c6}             [ 4 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 13 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}          [ 112 ]{.c22}                           
  [ [Trademark](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/x-trademark-policy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925176762&usg=AOvVaw0UC449jIAY7Eyf4u7HmtAw){.c21} ]{.c32}                                                        [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                     [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                      [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 3 ]{.c6}          [ 4 ]{.c6}          [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}            [ 2 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}             [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 3 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 20 ]{.c22}                            
  [ [Username Squatting](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/x-username-squatting&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925183458&usg=AOvVaw1m7qe9CdmVDJmcyUZ0TdMa){.c21} ]{.c32}                                             [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                     [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                      [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 5 ]{.c6}          [ 4 ]{.c6}          [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 3 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 3 ]{.c6}            [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 1 ]{.c6}             [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 4 ]{.c6}          [ 2 ]{.c6}          [ 32 ]{.c22}                            
  [ [Violent & Hateful Entities](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/violent-entities&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925190364&usg=AOvVaw0plK24cnUJtiWZD5xY17mQ){.c21} ]{.c32}                                         [ 29 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                    [ 38 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                     [ 8 ]{.c6}         [ 3 ]{.c6}         [ 18 ]{.c6}         [ 17 ]{.c6}        [ 39 ]{.c6}        [ 4 ]{.c6}         [ 38 ]{.c6}        [ 350 ]{.c6}        [ 537 ]{.c6}        [ 108 ]{.c6}       [ 12 ]{.c6}        [ 12 ]{.c6}        [ 402 ]{.c6}        [ 4 ]{.c6}         [ 5 ]{.c6}         [ 42 ]{.c6}       [ 2 ]{.c6}           [ 325 ]{.c6}          [ 166 ]{.c6}        [ 20 ]{.c6}            [ 42 ]{.c6}        [ 1 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 110 ]{.c6}        [ 170 ]{.c6}        [ 2,502 ]{.c22}                         
  [ [Violent Speech](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/violent-speech&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925197271&usg=AOvVaw22rtiCjhmv8-bk6-J6jXll){.c21} ]{.c32}                                                       [ 228 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                   [ 441 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                    [ 104 ]{.c6}       [ 100 ]{.c6}       [ 23 ]{.c6}         [ 222 ]{.c6}       [ 312 ]{.c6}       [ 36 ]{.c6}        [ 204 ]{.c6}       [ 4,375 ]{.c6}      [ 2,859 ]{.c6}      [ 192 ]{.c6}       [ 151 ]{.c6}       [ 360 ]{.c6}       [ 1,109 ]{.c6}      [ 58 ]{.c6}        [ 114 ]{.c6}       [ 45 ]{.c6}       [ 20 ]{.c6}          [ 1,403 ]{.c6}        [ 1,678 ]{.c6}      [ 655 ]{.c6}           [ 258 ]{.c6}       [ 56 ]{.c6}         [ 65 ]{.c6}        [ 1,605 ]{.c6}      [ 592 ]{.c6}        [ 17,265 ]{.c22}                        
  [ Own Initiative ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      [ Automated Means ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                       [ [Child Sexual Exploitation](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/sexual-exploitation-policy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925204168&usg=AOvVaw16dKDVvGIPYtJXe-PEMeEg){.c21} ]{.c32}   [ 351 ]{.c6}       [ 559 ]{.c6}       [ 372 ]{.c6}        [ 135 ]{.c6}       [ 140 ]{.c6}       [ 698 ]{.c6}       [ 253 ]{.c6}       [ 58 ]{.c6}         [ 265 ]{.c6}        [ 5,708 ]{.c6}     [ 8,985 ]{.c6}     [ 205 ]{.c6}       [ 432 ]{.c6}        [ 793 ]{.c6}       [ 1,327 ]{.c6}     [ 365 ]{.c6}      [ 542 ]{.c6}         [ 591 ]{.c6}          [ 102 ]{.c6}        [ 5,989 ]{.c6}         [ 5,108 ]{.c6}     [ 627 ]{.c6}        [ 1,118 ]{.c6}     [ 256 ]{.c6}        [ 61 ]{.c6}         [ 1,711 ]{.c6}        [ 1,083 ]{.c6}    [ 37,83 ]{.c22} [ 4 ]{.c22}
  [ [Financial Scam](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/financial-scam&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925213511&usg=AOvVaw3CS-1XdCrTqLDy7MmSvKBR){.c21} ]{.c32}                                                       [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                     [ 3 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                      [ 7 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 6 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 41 ]{.c6}         [ 31 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 9 ]{.c6}         [ 7 ]{.c6}          [ 4 ]{.c6}         [ 9 ]{.c6}         [ 3 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 104 ]{.c6}          [ 30 ]{.c6}         [ 8 ]{.c6}             [ 27 ]{.c6}        [ 1 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 8 ]{.c6}          [ 2 ]{.c6}          [ 305 ]{.c22}                           
  [ [Illegal or Certain Regulated Goods and Services](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/regulated-goods-services&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925221724&usg=AOvVaw36rIzYfv0DyOiaEBW3tOUr){.c21} ]{.c32}            [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                     [ 2 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                      [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}          [ 3 ]{.c6}         [ 4 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 53 ]{.c6}         [ 30 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 4 ]{.c6}         [ 3 ]{.c6}          [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 5 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 43 ]{.c6}           [ 41 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}             [ 18 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 214 ]{.c22}                           
  [ Other ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               [ 3 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                     [ 7 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                      [ 6 ]{.c6}         [ 4 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 3 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 51 ]{.c6}         [ 26 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 6 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 18 ]{.c6}         [ 9 ]{.c6}         [ 4 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}        [ 1 ]{.c6}           [ 31 ]{.c6}           [ 40 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}             [ 10 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 32 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}          [ 261 ]{.c22}                           
  [ [Perpetrators of Violent Attacks](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/perpetrators-of-violent-attacks&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925235586&usg=AOvVaw3NQd0pIggKfdSx63pDyXrP){.c21} ]{.c32}                     [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                     [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                      [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 6 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 4 ]{.c6}         [ 8 ]{.c6}          [ 5 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 3 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 4 ]{.c6}            [ 10 ]{.c6}         [ 7 ]{.c6}             [ 3 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 14 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 68 ]{.c22}                            
  [ [Platform Manipulation & Spam](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/platform-manipulation&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925242360&usg=AOvVaw1w65O_gDc-Ozv3SyGXqF50){.c21} ]{.c32}                                  [ 11,954 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                [ 26,623 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                 [ 39,771 ]{.c6}    [ 15,529 ]{.c6}    [ 2,465 ]{.c6}      [ 33,141 ]{.c6}    [ 33,991 ]{.c6}    [ 3,790 ]{.c6}     [ 11,395 ]{.c6}    [ 261,976 ]{.c6}    [ 186,543 ]{.c6}    [ 24,423 ]{.c6}    [ 34,708 ]{.c6}    [ 18,735 ]{.c6}    [ 228,091 ]{.c6}    [ 20,273 ]{.c6}    [ 30,171 ]{.c6}    [ 3,583 ]{.c6}    [ 1,665 ]{.c6}       [ 76,471 ]{.c6}       [ 138,144 ]{.c6}    [ 32,099 ]{.c6}        [ 53,887 ]{.c6}    [ 8,391 ]{.c6}      [ 5,737 ]{.c6}     [ 121,340 ]{.c6}    [ 23,487 ]{.c6}     [ 1,448,383 ]{.c22}                     
  [ [Violent & Hateful Entities](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/violent-entities&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925249498&usg=AOvVaw3LbAi3exUBu7lumlc05i8k){.c21} ]{.c32}                                         [ 8 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                     [ 9 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                      [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 3 ]{.c6}         [ 5 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 5 ]{.c6}         [ 73 ]{.c6}         [ 96 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 11 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 70 ]{.c6}           [ 33 ]{.c6}         [ 3 ]{.c6}             [ 17 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 21 ]{.c6}         [ 11 ]{.c6}         [ 376 ]{.c22}                           
  [ Manual Review ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       [ [Abuse & Harassment](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/abusive-behavior&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925256273&usg=AOvVaw35eelzvQGNU9T48sBUOyEX){.c21} ]{.c32}   [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                      [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 17 ]{.c6}         [ 9 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 3 ]{.c6}          [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 1 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}            [ 1 ]{.c6}          [ 2 ]{.c6}             [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 8 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}            [ 49 ]{.c22}      
  [ Grand Total ]{.c22}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        [ 14,806 ]{.c22}                                                                                                                                                                                               [ 30,407 ]{.c22}                                                                                                                                                                                                                [ 43,228 ]{.c22}   [ 17,180 ]{.c22}   [ 3,193 ]{.c22}     [ 38,612 ]{.c22}   [ 36,159 ]{.c22}   [ 4,146 ]{.c22}    [ 12,879 ]{.c22}   [ 425,104 ]{.c22}   [ 232,144 ]{.c22}   [ 27,049 ]{.c22}   [ 38,359 ]{.c22}   [ 27,114 ]{.c22}   [ 441,304 ]{.c22}   [ 24,354 ]{.c22}   [ 38,350 ]{.c22}   [ 5,317 ]{.c22}   [ 2,188 ]{.c22}      [ 95,764 ]{.c22}      [ 165,797 ]{.c22}   [ 36,206 ]{.c22}       [ 60,202 ]{.c22}   [ 9,671 ]{.c22}     [ 6,179 ]{.c22}    [ 134,498 ]{.c22}   [ 29,582 ]{.c22}    [ 1,999,792 ]{.c22}                     
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------ ------------------ ------------------- ------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ------------------- ------------------- ------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ------------------- ------------------ ------------------ ----------------- -------------------- --------------------- ------------------- ---------------------- ------------------ ------------------- ------------------ ------------------- ------------------- --------------------- ----------------- -----------------------------

[ Important Notes about Action based on TIUC Terms of Service and Rules
Violations: ]{.c6}

1.  [ The categories "Other" refer to cases of workflow exceptions and
    tooling inconsistencies which prevent a further clarification on the
    violated policy of TIUC Terms of Service and Rules. ]{.c6}
2.  [ User reports of illegal content which have been actioned under
    TIUC Terms of Service and Rules are displayed in the table \"Actions
    Taken on Illegal Content\". ]{.c6}

\*A data extraction limitation is impacting the availability of data
ranging from Aug 28 to Sept 23. See the ta ble \" [ TIUC Terms of
Service and Rules Content Removal Actions - Sep 5 to Sep 23" in the
Appendix. ]{.c6}

##  {#h.sg0xocp6gauh .c180 .c13}

Orders received from Member States' authorities including orders issued
in accordance with Articles 9 (Removal Orders) and 10 (Information
Requests)

[ REMOVAL ORDERS, Art. 9 DSA ]{.c115}

[]{#t.0343825bb58518dfc681ddd17f753fe0c2388aef} []{#t.3}

[ Removal Orders Received - Aug 28 to Oct 20 ]{.c22}

Illegal Content Category

France

[ Italy ]{.c6}

[ Spain ]{.c6}

Grand Total

Unsafe and/or Illegal Products

1

[ 1 ]{.c262}

Illegal or Harmful Speech

[ 4 ]{.c6}

[ 1 ]{.c6}

[ 5 ]{.c197 .c262}

[ Grand Total ]{.c262}

[ 1 ]{.c262}

[ 4 ]{.c197 .c262}

[ 1 ]{.c197 .c262}

[ 6 ]{.c262}

[]{#t.1052712410ac2145295c3c0f418668d5b884ad56} []{#t.4}

  [ Removal Orders Median Handle Time (Hours) - Aug 28 to Oct 20 ]{.c22}                               
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------ ---------- ---------------- ----------------
  Illegal Content Category                                                 France     [ Italy ]{.c6}   [ Spain ]{.c6}
  Unsafe and/or Illegal Products                                           32                          [ 124 ]{.c6}
  Illegal or Harmful Speech                                                           [ 73 ]{.c6}      

[]{#t.4c53c06c82a83032957510779cc0f9d3650b4417} []{#t.5}

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  [ Re ]{.c22} [ moval Orders Median Time to Acknowledge Receipt - Aug 28 to Oct 20 ]{.c22}
  [ X provides an automated acknowledgement of receipt of removal orders submitted by law enforcement through our ]{.c198} [ [Legal Request submission porta](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://legalrequests.twitter.com/forms/landing_disclaimer&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925289587&usg=AOvVaw0fjHXz41A0Y4UKXZIIj3_S){.c21} ]{.c32 .c198} [ l. As a consequence of this immediate acknowledgement of receipt, the median time is zero. ]{.c2}
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Important Notes about Removal Orders :

1.  [ To improve clarity, we\'ve omitted countries and violation types
    with no legal requests from the tables above. ]{.c6}
2.   The table "Removal Orders Median Handle Time" [ shows the category
    which we considered to fit best and under which we handled the
    order. This category might deviate from the information provided by
    the authority when submitting the order via the X online submission
    platform. ]{.c6}
3.   In the cases from France and Spain, we asked the submitting
    authority to fulfil Article 9 information requirements but did not
    receive responses in the reporting period.

[ INFORMATION REQUESTS, Art. 10 DSA ]{.c115}

[]{#t.0aae30922d6d9f6baa9bb08eb8964627922cdad2} []{#t.6}

  ------------------------------------------------------------ ------------- -------------- ------------- --------------- --------------- ------------- ------------------- ------------- -------------- ------------------- --------------- -------------- ------------- -------------- -----------------------
  [ Information Requests Received - Aug 28 to Oct 20 ]{.c22}                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
  Content Category                                             Austria       Belgium        Finland       France          Germany         Greece        [ Hungary ]{.c6}    Ireland       Italy          [ Malta ]{.c6}      Netherlands     Poland         Portugal      Spain          [ Grand Total ]{.c22}
  Data Protection and Privacy Violations                                                                                  2               1                                               1                                                                               1              [ 5 ]{.c22}
  Illegal or Harmful Speech                                    [ 4 ]{.c2}    3              [ 1 ]{.c2}    43              623             4                                 1             6                                                  9                            6              [ 700 ]{.c22}
  Intellectual Property Infringements                                                                                     2                                                                                                                                               [ 1 ]{.c2}     [ 3 ]{.c22}
  [ Negative Effects on Civic Discourse or Elections ]{.c6}                                                               [ 2 ]{.c6}                                                                                                         [ 1 ]{.c2}                                  [ 3 ]{.c239 .c22}
  Non-Consensual Behaviour                                                                                3               23              [ 1 ]{.c2}                                                                                                                      [ 1 ]{.c2}     [ 28 ]{.c22}
  [ Not Specified ]{.c6}                                       [ 1 ]{.c2}                                 [ 4 ]{.c6}      [ 7 ]{.c6}                    [ 1 ]{.c2}                                                                           [ 3 ]{.c2}                   [ 4 ]{.c2}     [ 20 ]{.c239 .c22}
  [ Other ]{.c6}                                                             [ 2 ]{.c2}                   [ 8 ]{.c6}      [ 4 ]{.c6}                                                                                                         [ 1 ]{.c2}     [ 1 ]{.c2}                   [ 16 ]{.c239 .c22}
  Pornography or Sexualized Content                                                                                       13                                                                                                                                                             [ 13 ]{.c22}
  Protection of Minors                                                       [ 7 ]{.c2}                   [ 1 ]{.c2}      31                                                              2                                                  [ 1 ]{.c2}     [ 1 ]{.c2}                   [ 43 ]{.c22}
  Risk for Public Security                                                   19                           654             16              1                                               17             [ 1 ]{.c6}          1                                            7              [ 716 ]{.c22}
  Scams and/or Fraud                                           [ 1 ]{.c2}                   [ 1 ]{.c2}    2               7               1                                 [ 1 ]{.c2}    [ 1 ]{.c2}                                                                      [ 1 ]{.c2}     [ 15 ]{.c22}
  Self-Harm                                                                                               1                                                                                                                                                                              [ 1 ]{.c22}
  Unsafe and/or Illegal Products                                                                                          4                                                                                                                                               [ 2 ]{.c2}     [ 6 ]{.c22}
  Violence                                                                   1                            71              61              [ 1 ]{.c2}                        [ 2 ]{.c2}    6                                  8               7              [ 1 ]{.c2}    [ 1 ]{.c2}     [ 159 ]{.c22}
  [ Grand Total ]{.c22}                                        [ 6 ]{.c22}   [ 32 ]{.c22}   [ 2 ]{.c22}   [ 787 ]{.c22}   [ 795 ]{.c22}   [ 9 ]{.c22}   [ 1 ]{.c239 .c22}   [ 4 ]{.c22}   [ 33 ]{.c22}   [ 1 ]{.c239 .c22}   [ 9 ]{.c22}     [ 22 ]{.c22}   [ 3 ]{.c22}   [ 24 ]{.c22}   [ 1,728 ]{.c22}
  ------------------------------------------------------------ ------------- -------------- ------------- --------------- --------------- ------------- ------------------- ------------- -------------- ------------------- --------------- -------------- ------------- -------------- -----------------------

[]{#t.285f9aa8975cbe396d49d792e3be37945c88582a} []{#t.7}

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  [ Information Request Median Time to Acknowledge Receipt - Aug 28 to Oct 20 ]{.c22}
  [ X provides an automated acknowledgement of receipt of information requests submitted by law enforcement through our ]{.c198} [ [Legal Request submission portal](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://legalrequests.twitter.com/forms/landing_disclaimer&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925357860&usg=AOvVaw1AFoki2ueF9JKTZcr1u5jZ){.c21} ]{.c32 .c198} [ . As a consequence of this immediate acknowledgement of receipt, the median time is zero. ]{.c2}
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[]{#t.a7437ec90a552e16d2b7216a334c6a6cde0dbcd4} []{#t.8}

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- -------------- -------------- -------------- -------------- -------------- ------------------ ------------- -------------- ---------------- --------------- ------------- -------------- --------------
  [ Information Request Median Handle Time (Hours) - Aug 28 to Oct 20 ]{.c22}                                                                                                                                                                                                           
  Content Category                                                              Austria        Belgium        Finland        France         Germany        Greece         [ Hungary ]{.c6}   Ireland       Italy          [ Malta ]{.c6}   Netherlands     Poland        Portugal       Spain
  Data Protection and Privacy Violations                                                                                                    152            141                                             146                                                                          173
  Illegal or Harmful Speech                                                     [ 146 ]{.c2}   42             [ 146 ]{.c2}   138            127            64                                73            164                                             78                           129
  Intellectual Property Infringements                                                                                                       114                                                                                                                                         [ 175 ]{.c2}
  [ Negative Effects on Civic Discourse or Elections ]{.c6}                                                                                 [ 183 ]{.c6}                                                                                                   [ 20 ]{.c2}                  
  Non-Consensual Behaviour                                                                                                   21             117            [ 124 ]{.c2}                                                                                                                 [ 170 ]{.c2}
  [ Not Specified ]{.c6}                                                        [ 219 ]{.c2}                                 [ 35 ]{.c6}    [ 24 ]{.c6}                   [ 5 ]{.c2}                                                                       [ 1 ]{.c2}                   [ 2 ]{.c2}
  [ Other ]{.c6}                                                                               [ 170 ]{.c2}                  [ 152 ]{.c6}   [ 149 ]{.c6}                                                                                                   [ 2 ]{.c2}    [ 165 ]{.c2}   
  Pornography or Sexualized Content                                                                                                         56                                                                                                                                          
  Protection of Minors                                                                         [ 2 ]{.c2}                    [ 49 ]{.c2}    4                                                              2                                               [ 26 ]{.c2}   [ 209 ]{.c2}   
  Risk for Public Security                                                                     5                             8              47             18                                              149            [ 43 ]{.c6}      126                                          74
  Scams and/or Fraud                                                            [ 30 ]{.c2}                   [ 172 ]{.c2}   169            120            120                               [ 20 ]{.c2}   [ 124 ]{.c2}                                                                 [ 73 ]{.c2}
  Self-Harm                                                                                                                  194                                                                                                                                                        
  Unsafe and/or Illegal Products                                                                                                            146                                                                                                                                         [ 126 ]{.c2}
  Violence                                                                                     154                           132            119            [ 51 ]{.c2}                       [ 19 ]{.c2}   147                             19              48            [ 241 ]{.c2}   [ 190 ]{.c2}
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- -------------- -------------- -------------- -------------- -------------- ------------------ ------------- -------------- ---------------- --------------- ------------- -------------- --------------

[ Important Notes about Information Requests: ]{.c6}

1.   The content category for each request is determined by the
    information law enforcement provides while submitting such requests
    through the X online submission platform [ . ]{.c6}
2.   The median handling time is the time between receiving the order
    and either: 1) disclosing information to law enforcement if the
    order is valid; or 2) pushing back due to legal issues. The median
    handling time does not include extra time where X pushes back due to
    legal issues, receives a valid order later, and disclosure is
    eventually made.
3.   To improve clarity, we\'ve omitted countries and violation types
    with zero legal requests from the tables above.
4.   The "Not Specified" category shows cases where the [ illegal
    content category could not be determined based on the information
    law enforcement provided during the submission process. ]{.c6}
5.   The "Other" category here shows cases where law enforcement selects
    "Cybercrime" as the content category during the case submission
    process without providing more details to determine a more specific
    content category.

##  {#h.moumldip922r .c180 .c13}

Reports

submitted in accordance with Article 16 (Illegal Content)

[ AC ]{.c115} [ T ]{.c115} [ IONS TAKEN ON ]{.c115} [ ILLEGAL CONTENT:
]{.c116 .c115}

-    During the reporting period, we took action on 12,099 items of
    content following reports of illegality (excluding intellectual
    property infringements). We globally deleted 99 items of content and
    withheld access to 11,998 items of content in EU Member States. [
    ]{.c6}
-   [ In respect of intellectual property infringements, we globally
    withheld content in response to 1,829 reports. ]{.c6}
-    We also proactively withheld access to 319 posts in one Member
    State.

[ AC ]{.c115} [ T ]{.c115} [ IONS TAKEN ON ]{.c115} [ ACCOUNTS ]{.c115}
[ FOR POSTING ILLEGAL CONTENT: ]{.c115} We suspended accounts in
response to 855 reports of Intellectual Property Infringements . This
was the only type of violation of local law that resulted in account
suspension as many types of illegal behaviour are addressed in our
policies, such as account suspensions for posting CSE. On our own
initiative, we withheld 1 account for breaching local laws connected to
unsafe and/or illegal products.

Also, we withheld 15 accounts in one Member State each for provision of
illegal content.

[ REPORTS OF ILLEGAL CONTENT ]{.c115}

[]{#t.98efa7866d6343a6f9d01865ee5059bdf099a167} []{#t.9}

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ --------------- ---------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- ------------------ --------------- ------------------ ------------------ --------------- --------------- ---------------- ----------------- --------------- --------------- -------------- -------------- ----------------- ----------------- ---------------- --------------- -------------- -------------- ----------------- --------------- -----------------------
  [ I ]{.c22} [ llegal Content Reports Received ]{.c22} [ - Aug 28 to Oct 20 ]{.c22}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
  Content Category                                                                     Austria         Belgium          Bulgaria        Croatia         Cyprus          Czechia         Denmark         Estonia         EU                 Finland         France             Germany            Greece          Hungary         Ireland          Italy             Latvia          Lithuania       Luxembourg     Malta          Netherlands       Poland            Portugal         Romania         Slovakia       Slovenia       Spain             Sweden          [ Grand Total ]{.c22}
  Animal Welfare                                                                       14              4                1               2               4               2               4               1               88                 4               96                 58                 3               1               11               10                1               1               1              1              15                16                3                2               2              2              56                3               [ 392 ]{.c22}
  Data Protection & Privacy Violations                                                 18              50               7               5               6               16              21              6               500                13              727                592                45              9               90               98                5               0               1              0              164               94                60               17              3              10             703               27              [ 3,269 ]{.c22}
  Illegal or Harmful Speech                                                            397             448              46              34              32              205             175             46              5,258              133             9,499              11,265             198             32              335              1203              60              41              35             7              995               893               626              96              27             26             3088              203             [ 35,006 ]{.c22}
  Intellectual Property Infringements                                                  16              19               4               14              17              8               14              2               0                  35              737                872                19              7               64               185               7               29              5              4              701               601               262              52              0              0              835               21              [ 4,531 ]{.c22}
  Negative Effects on Civic Discourse or Elections                                     27              33               6               1               3               25              12              7               475                14              314                934                15              7               26               132               3               5               2              1              219               514               24               16              14             3              127               8               [ 2,940 ]{.c22}
  Non-Consensual Behaviour                                                             15              16               2               4               4               2               11              4               179                9               196                143                7               15              35               36                0               2               0              0              34                17                16               2               1              0              186               22              [ 943 ]{.c22}
  Pornography or Sexualized Content                                                    38              50               9               3               4               25              23              1               468                10              865                641                44              109             55               145               5               3               2              2              113               107               67               48              8              1              324               26              [ 3,158 ]{.c22}
  Protection of Minors                                                                 43              49               11              7               3               20              24              3               462                22              672                564                24              7               65               57                12              0               1              0              107               78                17               8               2              13             305               17              [ 2,550 ]{.c22}
  Risk for Public Security                                                             39              105              8               4               4               46              13              8               414                24              981                950                17              8               22               59                9               5               1              0              120               111               35               9               3              4              181               22              [ 3,163 ]{.c22}
  Scams and/or Fraud                                                                   96              140              12              23              33              83              90              20              833                48              1292               749                46              42              233              356               8               65              34             1              520               300               177              79              7              9              743               70              [ 6,013 ]{.c22}
  Scope of Platform Service                                                            3               2                1               0               0               0               0               0               53                 1               31                 35                 0               0               3                9                 4               0               0              0              10                4                 8                0               0              0              28                0               [ 189 ]{.c22}
  Self-Harm                                                                            1               4                0               1               2               4               5               0               74                 2               41                 72                 0               0               4                8                 1               0               1              0              7                 11                4                2               0              0              56                6               [ 305 ]{.c22}
  Unsafe and Illegal Products                                                          5               20               0               0               2               6               2               2               126                5               600                179                4               0               21               18                8               3               0              1              55                21                19               5               1              4              105               17              [ 1224 ]{.c22}
  Violence                                                                             57              177              12              4               4               45              41              7               1095               47              2274               1448               37              10              78               219               8               3               5              11             182               135               94               16              5              6              743               64              [ 6,770 ]{.c22}
  [ Grand Total ]{.c22}                                                                [ 769 ]{.c22}   [ 1117 ]{.c22}   [ 119 ]{.c22}   [ 102 ]{.c22}   [ 118 ]{.c22}   [ 487 ]{.c22}   [ 435 ]{.c22}   [ 107 ]{.c22}   [ 10,025 ]{.c22}   [ 367 ]{.c22}   [ 18,325 ]{.c22}   [ 18,502 ]{.c22}   [ 459 ]{.c22}   [ 247 ]{.c22}   [ 1042 ]{.c22}   [ 2,536 ]{.c22}   [ 131 ]{.c22}   [ 157 ]{.c22}   [ 88 ]{.c22}   [ 28 ]{.c22}   [ 3,242 ]{.c22}   [ 2,902 ]{.c22}   [ 1412 ]{.c22}   [ 352 ]{.c22}   [ 73 ]{.c22}   [ 78 ]{.c22}   [ 7,480 ]{.c22}   [ 506 ]{.c22}   [ 71,206 ]{.c22}
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ --------------- ---------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- ------------------ --------------- ------------------ ------------------ --------------- --------------- ---------------- ----------------- --------------- --------------- -------------- -------------- ----------------- ----------------- ---------------- --------------- -------------- -------------- ----------------- --------------- -----------------------

[ REPORTS RESOLVED BY ACTIONS TAKEN ON ILLEGAL CONTENT ]{.c115}

[]{#t.a6a0deed9a2aa0f7c04137864a537d4b5c50e048} []{#t.10}

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ----------------------------- --------------- -------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- ------------------ --------------- ------------------ ------------------ --------------- --------------- --------------- ----------------- --------------- --------------- -------------- -------------- ----------------- ----------------- ----------------- --------------- -------------- -------------- ----------------- --------------- ------------------ ----------------- -----------------------
  [ Actions Taken on Illegal Content - Aug 28 to Oct 20 ]{.c239 .c22}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  Enforcement Process                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Action Type                                                                                Reason Code                   Austria         Belgium        Bulgaria        Croatia         Cyprus          Czechia         Denmark            Estonia         EU                 Finland            France          Germany         Greece          Hungary           Ireland         Italy           Latvia         Lithuania      Luxembourg        Malta             Netherlands       Poland          Portugal       Romania        Slovakia          Slovenia        Spain              Sweden            [ Grand Total ]{.c22}
  [ Automated Means ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   [ Global content deletion based on a violation of TIUC Terms of Service and Rules ]{.c6}   Illegal or Harmful Speech     1               0              0               0               0               0               0                  0               2                  0                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 0                 0               0              0              0                 0               0                  0                 [ 3 ]{.c22}
  Non-Consensual Behaviour                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0                                                                                          0                             0               0              0               0               0               0               0                  0               0                  0                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 0                 0               0              0              8                 0               [ 8 ]{.c22}                          
  Self-Harm                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0                                                                                          0                             0               0              0               0               0               0               0                  0               0                  0                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 0                 0               0              0              2                 0               [ 2 ]{.c22}                          
  Violence                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0                                                                                          0                             0               0              0               0               0               0               1                  0               0                  0                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 0                 0               0              0              0                 0               [ 1 ]{.c22}                          
  [ Country withheld Content ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Data Protection & Privacy Violations                                                       0                             0               0              0               0               0               0               0                  0               0                  0                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 0                 0               0              0              0                 1               0                  [ 1 ]{.c22}       
  Illegal or Harmful Speech                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0                                                                                          0                             0               0              0               0               0               0               0                  0               0                  0                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              1                 0                 0                 0               0              0              0                 0               [ 1 ]{.c22}                          
  [ No Violation Found ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Animal Welfare                                                                             0                             0               0              0               0               0               0               0                  4               0                  0                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 2                 0                 0               1              0              0                 7               0                  [ 14 ]{.c22}      
  Data Protection & Privacy Violations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0                                                                                          0                             0               0              0               0               0               0               1                  0               0                  0                  0               0               0               1                 0               0               0              0              1                 1                 1                 0               0              0              3                 0               [ 8 ]{.c22}                          
  Illegal or Harmful Speech                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  5                                                                                          2                             0               0              0               0               0               0               202                0               0                  0                  0               0               3               3                 0               0               0              0              1                 0                 1                 0               0              0              13                0               [ 230 ]{.c22}                        
  Non-Consensual Behaviour                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0                                                                                          0                             1               0              0               0               0               0               1                  0               0                  0                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 1                 0               0              0              0                 0               [ 3 ]{.c22}                          
  Pornography or Sexualized Content                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0                                                                                          0                             0               0              0               0               1               0               2                  0               0                  0                  1               5               0               2                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 0                 0               0              0              7                 1               [ 19 ]{.c22}                         
  Protection of Minors                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       1                                                                                          0                             0               0              0               0               0               0               9                  0               0                  0                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 0                 0               0              0              8                 0               [ 18 ]{.c22}                         
  Risk for Public Security                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0                                                                                          0                             0               0              0               0               0               0               2                  0               0                  0                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 0                 0               0              0              0                 0               [ 2 ]{.c22}                          
  Scams and Fraud                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            8                                                                                          5                             1               0              2               0               4               1               33                 3               0                  0                  0               1               5               4                 0               0               3              0              35                3                 1                 12              0              0              15                5               [ 141 ]{.c22}                        
  Scope of Platform Service                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0                                                                                          0                             0               0              0               0               0               0               7                  0               0                  0                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 1                 0                 0               0              0              1                 0               [ 9 ]{.c22}                          
  Self-Harm                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0                                                                                          1                             0               0              0               0               0               0               1                  0               0                  0                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 0                 0               0              0              1                 0               [ 3 ]{.c22}                          
  Unsafe and Illegal Products                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0                                                                                          0                             0               0              1               0               0               0               1                  0               0                  0                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              3                 0                 0                 0               0              0              1                 0               [ 6 ]{.c22}                          
  Violence                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0                                                                                          1                             0               0              0               0               2               0               9                  0               0                  0                  0               0               1               1                 0               0               0              0              1                 3                 0                 0               0              0              10                0               [ 28 ]{.c22}                         
  [ Manual Closure ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    [ Global content deletion based on TIUC Terms of Service and Rules ]{.c6}                  Animal Welfare                0               0              0               0               0               0               0                  0               14                 0                  11              8               0               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 3                 1               0              0              1                 0               0                  0                 [ 38 ]{.c22}
  Data Protection & Privacy Violations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       1                                                                                          2                             0               0              0               3               3               0               15                 1               15                 33                 4               0               3               4                 0               0               0              0              5                 7                 7                 1               0              1              15                3               [ 123 ]{.c22}                        
  Illegal or Harmful Speech                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  26                                                                                         14                            2               4              3               10              5               1               231                7               440                1,270              9               0               10              37                2               5               0              0              40                62                41                6               0              10             73                29              [ 2,337 ]{.c22}                      
  Negative Effects on Civic Discourse or Elections                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0                                                                                          2                             0               0              0               0               0               0               2                  0               3                  8                  0               1               2               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 1                 0                 0               0              0              0                 1               [ 20 ]{.c22}                         
  Non-Consensual Behaviour                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   1                                                                                          1                             0               0              0               0               0               0               35                 0               13                 14                 1               0               1               0                 0               0               0              0              1                 1                 0                 0               0              0              13                0               [ 81 ]{.c22}                         
  Pornography or Sexualized Content                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          16                                                                                         1                             0               1              0               3               8               1               80                 4               55                 108                4               0               6               11                1               0               0              0              19                13                4                 9               1              0              30                6               [ 381 ]{.c22}                        
  Protection of Minors                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       5                                                                                          8                             3               1              0               3               5               1               211                12              152                308                6               2               17              5                 1               0               0              0              51                23                5                 3               0              1              98                7               [ 928 ]{.c22}                        
  Risk for Public Security                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0                                                                                          3                             0               1              0               1               0               0               28                 0               56                 87                 2               0               3               2                 0               0               0              0              5                 5                 6                 0               0              0              33                5               [ 237 ]{.c22}                        
  Scams and Fraud                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            2                                                                                          0                             0               0              0               1               0               0               12                 0               3                  1                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              27                1                 0                 0               0              0              2                 0               [ 49 ]{.c22}                         
  Scope of Platform Service                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0                                                                                          0                             0               0              0               0               0               0               4                  0               0                  0                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 0                 0               0              0              0                 0               [ 4 ]{.c22}                          
  Self-Harm                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0                                                                                          0                             0               0              0               0               1               0               8                  0               2                  5                  0               0               1               0                 1               0               0              0              0                 3                 1                 0               0              0              12                1               [ 35 ]{.c22}                         
  Unsafe and Illegal Products                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                1                                                                                          0                             0               0              0               0               1               0               3                  1               69                 19                 0               0               7               0                 0               0               0              0              3                 0                 0                 1               0              0              0                 2               [ 107 ]{.c22}                        
  Violence                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   11                                                                                         7                             0               0              1               4               3               0               120                9               215                192                4               1               8               26                0               1               0              0              34                25                12                2               0              1              48                17              [ 741 ]{.c22}                        
  [ Temporary suspension and global content deletion based on TIUC Terms of Service and Rules ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                         Data Protection & Privacy Violations                                                       0                             0               0              0               0               0               1               0                  0               0                  0                  1               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 0                 0               0              0              0                 0               0                  [ 2 ]{.c22}       
  Illegal or Harmful Speech                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0                                                                                          0                             0               0              0               0               0               0               0                  0               16                 2                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              2                 0                 0                 0               0              0              0                 0               [ 20 ]{.c22}                         
  Pornography or Sexualized Content                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0                                                                                          0                             0               0              0               0               0               0               0                  0               4                  0                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 0                 0               0              0              0                 0               [ 4 ]{.c22}                          
  Protection of Minors                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0                                                                                          0                             0               0              0               0               0               0               0                  0               1                  1                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 0                 0               0              0              0                 0               [ 2 ]{.c22}                          
  Risk for Public Security                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0                                                                                          0                             0               0              0               0               0               0               0                  0               1                  0                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 0                 0               0              0              0                 0               [ 1 ]{.c22}                          
  Scams and Fraud                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0                                                                                          0                             0               0              0               0               0               0               0                  0               2                  0                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 0                 0               0              0              0                 0               [ 2 ]{.c22}                          
  Violence                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0                                                                                          0                             0               0              0               0               0               0               0                  0               28                 1                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 0                 0               0              0              0                 0               [ 29 ]{.c22}                         
  [ [Offer of help in case of self-harm and suicide concern](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-security/self-harm-and-suicide&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092925879477&usg=AOvVaw0nL1yBZyeploWrYvZCQFnW){.c21} ]{.c32} [ based on TIUC Terms of Service and Rules ]{.c6}   Protection of minors                                                                       0                             0               0              0               0               0               0               0                  0               0                  0                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 0                 0               0              0              0                 1               0                  [ 1 ]{.c22}       
  Self-Harm                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0                                                                                          0                             0               0              0               0               0               0               5                  0               1                  3                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 0                 0               0              0              2                 0               [ 11 ]{.c22}                         
  [ Content removed globally ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Animal Welfare                                                                             0                             0               0              0               0               0               0               0                  0               0                  0                  0               0               0               1                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 0                 0               0              0              0                 0               0                  [ 1 ]{.c22}       
  Data Protection & Privacy Violations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0                                                                                          0                             0               0              1               0               0               0               0                  0               0                  0                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 0                 0               0              0              0                 0               [ 1 ]{.c22}                          
  Illegal or Harmful Speech                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0                                                                                          2                             0               0              3               0               2               0               0                  0               1                  5                  1               0               0               1                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 0                 0               0              0              3                 0               [ 18 ]{.c22}                         
  Non-Consensual Behaviour                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0                                                                                          3                             0               0              0               0               0               0               0                  0               0                  0                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 0                 0               0              0              0                 0               [ 3 ]{.c22}                          
  Pornography or Sexualized Content                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0                                                                                          1                             0               0              0               0               0               0               2                  0               5                  3                  0               1               0               2                 0               0               0              0              5                 0                 0                 6               0              0              1                 0               [ 26 ]{.c22}                         
  Protection of Minors                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0                                                                                          5                             0               0              0               2               0               0               7                  0               0                  8                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 0                 0               0              0              1                 0               [ 23 ]{.c22}                         
  Risk for Public Security                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0                                                                                          0                             0               0              0               0               0               0               6                  0               3                  0                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 0                 0               0              0              0                 0               [ 9 ]{.c22}                          
  Scams and Fraud                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0                                                                                          0                             0               0              0               0               0               0               1                  0               7                  0                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              4                 0                 0                 0               0              0              0                 0               [ 12 ]{.c22}                         
  Self-Harm                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0                                                                                          0                             0               0              0               0               0               0               0                  0               0                  1                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 0                 0               0              0              0                 0               [ 1 ]{.c22}                          
  Unsafe and Illegal Products                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0                                                                                          0                             0               0              0               0               0               0               0                  0               0                  0                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 5                 0               0              0              0                 0               [ 5 ]{.c22}                          
  [ Country withheld Account ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Illegal or Harmful Speech                                                                  0                             0               0              0               0               0               0               0                  0               0                  0                  0               0               0               0                 2               0               0              0              0                 0                 0                 0               0              0              0                 0               0                  [ 2 ]{.c22}       
  Pornography or Sexualized Content                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0                                                                                          0                             0               0              0               0               0               0               0                  0               0                  8                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 0                 0               0              0              0                 0               [ 8 ]{.c22}                          
  Scams and fraud                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0                                                                                          0                             0               0              0               0               0               0               0                  0               1                  0                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 0                 0               0              0              0                 0               [ 1 ]{.c22}                          
  Violence                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0                                                                                          0                             0               0              0               0               0               0               0                  0               4                  0                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 0                 0               0              0              0                 0               [ 4 ]{.c22}                          
  [ Country withheld Content ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Animal Welfare                                                                             1                             2               0              0               0               0               0               0                  5               0                  2                  6               0               0               0                 1               0               0              0              0                 0                 2                 0               0              0              0                 8               0                  [ 27 ]{.c22}      
  Data Protection & Privacy Violations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0                                                                                          3                             1               0              1               3               2               0               30                 1               61                 91                 2               5               24              12                0               0               0              0              24                7                 13                5               0              0              46                2               [ 333 ]{.c22}                        
  Illegal or Harmful Speech                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  84                                                                                         92                            2               9              2               39              32              4               1,131              21              2,433              2,962              32              5               90              315               9               3               6              0              209               204               138               16              12             2              698               49              [ 8,599 ]{.c22}                      
  Negative Effects on Civic Discourse or Elections                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           5                                                                                          2                             0               0              0               1               0               0               26                 0               8                  88                 1               0               2               7                 0               0               1              0              6                 30                6                 0               0              0              7                 0               [ 190 ]{.c22}                        
  Non-Consensual Behaviour                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0                                                                                          2                             0               0              0               0               0               2               36                 1               29                 32                 1               0               4               2                 0               1               0              0              7                 3                 0                 1               0              0              14                0               [ 135 ]{.c22}                        
  Pornography or Sexualized Content                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          6                                                                                          9                             6               2              1               3               4               0               104                3               116                230                3               4               10              23                3               2               1              0              14                24                15                8               1              0              100               6               [ 698 ]{.c22}                        
  Protection of Minors                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       1                                                                                          6                             0               2              0               1               2               0               19                 2               21                 50                 2               0               10              5                 0               0               1              0              3                 5                 5                 3               0              0              15                3               [ 156 ]{.c22}                        
  Risk for Public Security                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   2                                                                                          8                             0               0              1               2               0               0               19                 0               46                 89                 3               0               0               4                 1               0               0              0              3                 12                2                 0               0              0              2                 3               [ 197 ]{.c22}                        
  Scams and Fraud                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            6                                                                                          2                             0               0              0               6               5               1               29                 2               34                 54                 1               0               3               5                 0               2               0              0              16                24                2                 3               0              2              16                3               [ 216 ]{.c22}                        
  Scope of Platform Service                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  1                                                                                          0                             0               0              0               0               0               0               0                  0               0                  4                  0               0               0               2                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 1                 0               0              0              0                 0               [ 8 ]{.c22}                          
  Self-Harm                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0                                                                                          0                             1               0              1               0               0               0               6                  0               5                  2                  0               0               0               0                 0               0               0              0              0                 0                 0                 0               0              0              2                 2               [ 19 ]{.c22}                         
  Unsafe and Illegal Products                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0                                                                                          2                             0               0              0               3               0               0               16                 1               277                33                 0               0               2               0                 1               0               0              0              13                6                 0                 1               0              0              8                 2               [ 365 ]{.c22}                        
  Violence                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   5                                                                                          6                             3               0              0               8               8               0               81                 15              518                212                5               1               11              27                3               0               1              0              19                19                18                3               1              0              68                23              [ 1,055 ]{.c22}                      
  Globally withheld content                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Intellectual Property Infringements                                                        4                             10              0              0               0               6               5               0                  0               31                 561                167             17              2               17                84              2               17             0              3                 101               450               38              22             0              0                 283             9                  [ 1,829 ]{.c22}   
  Account Suspension                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Intellectual Property Infringements                                                        1                             1               0              6               5               0               1               0                  0               1                  28                 498             0               0               7                 22              1               7              0              0                 27                39                88              19             0              0                 104             0                  [ 855 ]{.c22}     
  [ No Violation Found ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Animal Welfare                                                                             13                            3               1              2               4               2               4               1                  61              4                  56                 45              4               1               9                 9               1               1              1              1                 10                15                3               1              1              2                 42              3                  [ 300 ]{.c22}     
  Data Protection & Privacy Violations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       17                                                                                         47                            5               5              4               10              15              6               452                11              470                443                39              2               63              82                5               0               3              0              135               78                49                12              3              9              632               22              [ 2,619 ]{.c22}                      
  Illegal or Harmful Speech                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  280                                                                                        340                           44              20             25              165             133             40              3,729              109             5,460              6,887              154             27              234             872               52              35              33             7              721               645               456               80              16             16             2,356             125             [ 23,061 ]{.c22}                     
  Negative Effects on Civic Discourse or Elections                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           21                                                                                         30                            8               1              3               25              13              7               462                15              259                833                14              5               23              129               3               5               1              1              211               496               17                17              15             3              121               9               [ 2,747 ]{.c22}                      
  Non-Consensual Behaviour                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   13                                                                                         10                            1               5              2               2               12              2               94                 8               102                87                 5               15              27              34                0               1               0              0              27                13                15                1               1              0              147               21              [ 645 ]{.c22}                        
  Pornography or Sexualized Content                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          16                                                                                         40                            3               0              3               19              10              0               283                3               321                293                41              93              41              103               1               1               1              2              75                69                48                24              6              2              176               12              [ 1,686 ]{.c22}                      
  Protection of Minors                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       36                                                                                         25                            8               4              3               15              17              2               229                9               293                198                16              5               39              46                12              0               0              0              55                45                6                 2               2              12             185               7               [ 1,271 ]{.c22}                      
  Risk for Public Security                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   37                                                                                         90                            8               3              3               42              14              9               363                24              729                756                12              6               19              53                9               5               1              0              115               97                28                9               3              4              148               12              [ 2,599 ]{.c22}                      
  Scams and Fraud                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            65                                                                                         130                           11              19             31              76              79              19              730                42              488                646                45              37              184             311               8               63              30             1              365               262               141               61              7              7              660               61              [ 4,579 ]{.c22}                      
  Scope of Platform Service                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2                                                                                          2                             1               0              0               0               0               0               38                 1               9                  30                 0               0               3               10                4               0               0              0              10                3                 5                 0               0              0              27                0               [ 145 ]{.c22}                        
  Self-Harm                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  1                                                                                          3                             0               1              1               4               4               0               57                 2               28                 61                 0               0               3               12                0               0               3              0              7                 8                 4                 2               0              0              37                3               [ 241 ]{.c22}                        
  Unsafe and Illegal Products                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                3                                                                                          16                            0               0              1               3               1               2               106                4               179                126                5               1               12              18                7               3               0              1              38                15                11                3               1              4              98                13              [ 671 ]{.c22}                        
  Violence                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   39                                                                                         156                           7               4              3               33              27              7               901                25              1,225              1,034              28              8               59              170               5               2               7              11             125               92                63                10              4              5              588               24              [ 4,662 ]{.c22}                      
  [ Grand Total ]{.c22}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      [ 737 ]{.c22}                                                                              [ 1,095 ]{.c22}               [ 117 ]{.c22}   [ 90 ]{.c22}   [ 105 ]{.c22}   [ 495 ]{.c22}   [ 424 ]{.c22}   [ 106 ]{.c22}   [ 10,066 ]{.c22}   [ 372 ]{.c22}   [ 14,866 ]{.c22}   [ 18,043 ]{.c22}   [ 462 ]{.c22}   [ 228 ]{.c22}   [ 964 ]{.c22}   [ 2,459 ]{.c22}   [ 132 ]{.c22}   [ 154 ]{.c22}   [ 93 ]{.c22}   [ 27 ]{.c22}   [ 2,579 ]{.c22}   [ 2,813 ]{.c22}   [ 1,257 ]{.c22}   [ 344 ]{.c22}   [ 75 ]{.c22}   [ 81 ]{.c22}   [ 6,997 ]{.c22}   [ 491 ]{.c22}   [ 65,672 ]{.c22}                     
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ----------------------------- --------------- -------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- ------------------ --------------- ------------------ ------------------ --------------- --------------- --------------- ----------------- --------------- --------------- -------------- -------------- ----------------- ----------------- ----------------- --------------- -------------- -------------- ----------------- --------------- ------------------ ----------------- -----------------------

[ REPORTS OF ILLEGAL ]{.c115} [ CONTENT MEDIAN HANDLE TIME ]{.c115}

[]{#t.bb1521de899db47b2f584807d9a9537cb3a8bb93} []{#t.11}

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------- ----------- ----------- ------------ ----------- ---------- ----------- ----------- ----------- -------- ----------- ---------- ----------- ---------- ----------- ----------- --------- ---------- ------------- -------------- --------- --------------- ---------- ------------ ----------- ------------ ------------ --------- ----------
  [ Reports of Illegal Content Median Handle Time (Hours) - Aug 28 to Oct 20 ]{.c239 .c22}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
  Enforcement Process                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Action Type                                                                 Reason Code                   Austria     Belgium     Bulgaria     Croatia     Cyprus     Czechia     Denmark     Estonia     EU       Finland     France     Germany     Greece     Hungary     Ireland     Italy     Latvia     Lithuania     Luxembourg     Malta     Netherlands     Poland     Portugal     Romania     Slovakia     Slovenia     Spain     Sweden
  [ Automated Means ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              [ Global content deletion based on TIUC Terms of Service and Rules ]{.c6}   Illegal or Harmful Speech     34.3                                                                                            29.5                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
  Non-Consensual Behaviour                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       92.8                                
  Self-Harm                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      92.7                                
  Violence                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                21.4                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
  [ Country withheld Content ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Data Protection & Privacy Violations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  117.0                  
  Illegal or Harmful Speech                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         106.3                                                                                                            
  [ No violation found ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Animal Welfare                                                                                                                                                                                45.7                                                                                                                                         82.9                                 26.5                                  47.9                   
  Data Protection & Privacy Violations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    30.1                                                                           32.9                                                       50.3           33.7      104.0                                               39.4                                
  Illegal or Harmful Speech                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             34.4                                                                        33.1                                                                                                  36.6                                                                24.3       27.7                                                       106.3                    79.0                                                43.0                                
  Non-Consensual Behaviour                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        44.5                                                                    29.5                                                                                                                                                               30.5                                                                                    
  Pornography or Sexualized Content                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                25.7                   22.6                                         69.5       48.7                   89.2                                                                                                                                    32.1         22.3                   
  Protection of Minors                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  22.1                                                                                                                                                                              27.0                                                                                                                                                                                                                   24.0                                
  Risk for Public Security                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                96.1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
  Scams and Fraud                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       75.6                                                                        73.5                          102.2                   202.8                    26.1       91.4        44.3        28.7                                        73.4        57.8       35.1                              223.8                    45.2           34.1      52.3            75.4                                44.0         27.2                   
  Scope of Platform Service                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               42.5                                                                                                                                                     85.2                                                          36.0                                
  Self-Harm                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         52.2                                                                                                  21.3                                                                                                                                                                                                                   49.1                                
  Unsafe and Illegal Products                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             35.4                                            40.8                                                                                                                                      29.8                                                                         19.2                                
  Violence                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          70.6                                                                           31.0                   115.2                                                               47.8       24.1                                                       20.5           28.2                                                          42.8                                
  [ Manual Closure ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               [ Global content deletion based on TIUC Terms of Service and Rules ]{.c6}   Animal Welfare                                                                                                                3.0                  8.6        8.4                                                                                                        91.0                                                13.2                                
  Data Protection & Privacy Violations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  10.7                                                                        0.5                                                                17.2        13.7                   12.3        37.7        6.4      3.2         42.3                   11.1       14.8                                                       16.0           158.7     3.1             1.8                     0.9         50.0         2.2                    
  Illegal or Harmful Speech                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             13.3                                                                        10.5                          7.6         15.2        12.6         2.1         2.7        0.2         8.0         9.6         4.8      3.1         11.2                   12.6       9.6         45.0        5.4                                13.0           12.8      6.3             9.0                     22.8        10.4         14.6                   
  Negative Effects on Civic Discourse or Elections                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  37.3                                                                                                  178.3                   13.0     6.3                    0.1         5.8                                                                                  22.5                                                                       11.2                   
  Non-Consensual Behaviour                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              3.1                                                                         53.4                                                  33.2                                            12.0                    4.1      10.6        26.9                   88.3                                                                  15.7           1.3                                                           11.5                                
  Pornography or Sexualized Content                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     10.8                                                                        10.4                                      11.2                     15.3        9.6        3.0         10.8        3.3         7.9      5.1         8.3                    11.0       2.8         1.2                                            19.4           2.4       10.3            14.3       13.6                     13.3         11.3                   
  Protection of Minors                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  9.6                                                                         12.4                          15.9        75.5                     13.8        15.4       20.5        7.7         4.8         3.9      3.8         3.3        28.0        9.7        11.0                                                       8.6            2.1       10.0            14.8                    16.5        9.9          12.0                   
  Risk for Public Security                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          5.6                                       2.3                      0.8                                11.8                    4.1      1.5         14.5                   10.1       0.7                                                        1.4            6.0       4.3                                                 0.3          11.8                   
  Scams and Fraud                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       2.8                                                                                                                                            1.2                                62.2                    1.3      1.4                                                                                                      63.0           180.9                                                         36.7                                
  Scope of Platform Service                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               62.4                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
  Self-Harm                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        1.5                    3.0                     13.5     8.9                                10.8                   16.9                                                          17.7      0.9                                                 36.8         0.2                    
  Unsafe and Illegal Products                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           1.2                                                                                                                                                        21.5                   13.1        5.2         4.1      1.3                                5.3                                                                   12.6                                     1.5                                              31.7                   
  Violence                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              11.7                                                                        6.3                           0.0                     22.8         0.5         5.2                    12.3        4.3         3.1      2.8         6.8        51.1        14.6       15.7                    16.2                               11.8           11.3      6.1             0.3                     17.6        11.3         1.7                    
  [ Temporary suspension and global content deletion based on TIUC Terms of Service and Rules ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Data Protection & Privacy Violations                                                                                                                                  4.5                                                      1.1                                                                                                                                                                                                           
  Illegal or Harmful Speech                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       1.4      2.7                                                                                                      18.7                                                                                                             
  Pornography or Sexualized Content                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               4.6                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
  Protection of Minors                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            14.4     17.1                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  Risk for Public Security                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        26.5                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
  Scams and Fraud                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 14.1                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
  Violence                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        4.5      1.3                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
  [ [Offer of help in case of self-harm and suicide concern](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-security/self-harm-and-suicide&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092926605695&usg=AOvVaw2k_OxfY3x3xTzk1P_-ecMp){.c21} ]{.c32} [ ]{.c144} [ based on TIUC Terms of Service and Rules ]{.c6}   Protection of minors                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  22.2                   
  Self-harm                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               12.9                    4.5      3.9                                                                                                                                                                                   8.4                                 
  [ Content removed globally ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Animal Welfare                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0.0                                                                                                                                                                         
  Data Protection & Privacy Violations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0.0                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
  Illegal or Harmful Speech                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         74.8                                                  0.4                      11.7                                           34.0     0.1         0.0                               24.4                                                                                                                                    155.3                               
  Non-Consensual Behaviour                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          102.9                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
  Pornography or Sexualized Content                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 52.2                                                                                                  88.1                    4.0      16.2                   0.4                    160.4                                                      146.5                                    23.8                                13.3                                
  Protection of Minors                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              2.0                                                                8.9                                23.9                             17.2                                                                                                                                                                                  27.6                                
  Risk for Public Security                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                32.1                    26.5                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
  Scams and Fraud                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         502.2                   19.6                                                                                                              101.8                                                                                                            
  Self-Harm                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                1.2                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
  Unsafe and Illegal Products                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                18.6                                                                                    
  [ Country withheld Account ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Illegal or Harmful Speech                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    51.5                                                                                                                                                            
  Pornography or Sexualized Content                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        31.0                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  Scams and Fraud                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 33.0                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
  Violence                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        6.9                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
  [ Country withheld Content ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Animal Welfare                                                              0.0                           10.1                                                                                18.7                 13.0        9.1                                           6.6                                                                     7.5                                                              10.8                   
  Data Protection & Privacy Violations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              17.2                          157.6                   0.4          139.4       0.3                    90.6        53.3        6.6      2.2         104.2      33.9        125.9      52.8                                                       10.2           123.5     9.7             26.3                                55.4         108.2                  
  Illegal or Harmful Speech                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             12.9                                                                        3.6                           4.1         12.4        22.9         14.3        10.3       72.7        126.2       13.3        8.2      3.0         2.7        1.2         11.2       5.8         11.2        21.3      0.3                      17.6           11.8      9.9             10.2       1.5          7.4         49.9         11.4                   
  Negative Effects on Civic Discourse or Elections                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      8.4                                                                         17.1                                                               1.8                                157.0                   15.1     2.8         1.8                    35.4       4.7                               11.7                     9.6            12.7      3.1                                                 47.4                                
  Non-Consensual Behaviour                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          12.7                                                                                      110.7       128.0       5.0         10.9     3.0         134.9                  38.2       43.0                    16.2                               5.0            121.6                     12.5                                46.8                                
  Pornography or Sexualized Content                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     12.3                                                                        17.0                          18.8        9.9         47.3         1.8         35.2                   88.0        3.8         12.4     5.2         7.9        49.0        10.1       4.1         12.5        51.5      4.3                      13.5           19.5      1.5             1.9        77.4                     13.8         31.1                   
  Protection of Minors                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  8.1                                                                         12.1                                      0.6                      162.2       28.9                   44.2        138.5       12.1     10.2        4.8                    9.0        93.0                              0.2                      11.2           4.1       11.9            4.6                                 17.2         19.3                   
  Risk for Public Security                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              96.3                                                                        2.8                                                   167.6        73.5                               141.0                   3.1      6.8         2.1                    143.2      7.2         13.0                                           146.6          27.0      6.6                                                 19.2         2.4                    
  Scams and Fraud                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       109.1                                                                       124.0                                                              161.3       72.8       137.1       141.1       37.3        11.3     128.6       6.0                    185.6      150.2                   161.2                              130.1          71.8      80.3            170.9                   79.4        135.4        138.5                  
  Scope of Platform Service                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             6.3                                                                                                                                                                                                                0.9                                           23.9                                                                                31.2                                                                                    
  Self-Harm                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               1.8                                             67.2                    9.6      0.3                                                                                                                                                                                   27.8         14.8                   
  Unsafe and Illegal Products                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       165.7                                                              49.0                               111.2                   2.0      12.4                               0.5                    66.9                                           87.8           18.8                      2.5                                 97.1         90.0                   
  Violence                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              59.1                                                                        1.2                           13.3                                 12.0        51.1                   122.0       4.9         2.4      4.7         3.0        0.2         1.6        11.5        18.5                  3.1                      15.8           16.4      8.9             0.3        20.9                     18.8         14.6                   
  Globally withheld Content                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Intellectual Property Infringements                                         5.6                           3.1                                              5.6        6.3                                 2.8      0.6         2.6        3.6         0.4        2.8         1.5         53.2      0.4                      7.6            2.6       0.5             3.8        1.8                                   2.5          1.6       
  Account Suspension                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Intellectual Property Infringements                                         81.2                          14.7                    31.8         58.8                   77.7                                63.3     81.7        50.7                              29.5        66.7        68.6      86.3                                    94.6      56.5            32.8       43.1                                  77.4                   
  [ No violation found ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Animal Welfare                                                              53.6                          16.2        20.5        14.4         18.6        10.3       9.3         20.5        18.3        16.3     17.2        1.0        40.3        20.4       0.0         20.4        20.4      20.4       20.4          20.4           5.1       13.5            10.4       20.4         20.3        16.5         16.4         20.5      
  Data Protection & Privacy Violations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  3.1                                                                         11.1                          73.6        8.7         3.3          5.1         24.2       7.6         13.0        9.7         13.5     2.4         1.9        59.8        47.1       15.2        2.1                   31.3                     12.9           17.8      13.5            12.1       0.4          13.3        16.2         8.3                    
  Illegal or Harmful Speech                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             9.6                                                                         7.6                           13.1        12.2        16.7         9.2         4.4        12.8        11.1        14.3        11.0     2.7         8.4        16.4        11.0       8.4         11.8        10.9      2.4        119.7         14.8           12.7      8.0             11.6       2.0          13.9        9.9          4.4                    
  Intellectual property infringements                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   28.7                                                                        4.5                           2.1         31.7        101.8        47.2        52.8       6.1                     4.5         37.2     33.9        1.1        9.5         25.6       10.4        48.6        36.1      38.4       30.2          53.0           35.4      25.9            43.2                                53.5         56.8                   
  Negative Effects on Civic Discourse or Elections                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      9.2                                                                         8.8                           14.4        4.4         0.2          2.2         2.0        10.1        7.7         14.3        19.2     2.1         4.3        14.4        10.4       2.8         6.1         12.2      259.9      63.1          10.9           5.9       10.2            27.5       2.3          2.7         11.1         0.7                    
  Non-Consensual Behaviour                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              4.7                                                                         8.1                           16.9        63.0        6.5          5.7         17.1       5.9         16.0        45.5        11.8     4.9         12.3       84.0        20.7       14.2                    143.8                              11.8           17.3      19.1            0.1        0.4                      11.4         9.6                    
  Pornography or Sexualized Content                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     5.4                                                                         13.3                          13.8                    68.7         15.0        4.4                    12.9        4.1         11.0     10.6        21.7       15.6        11.8       17.1        12.3        15.5      49.4       2.4           16.3           11.0      14.2            11.2       54.1         11.7        13.7         11.3                   
  Protection of Minors                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  11.2                                                                        8.6                           8.6         14.6        8.6          9.0         13.5       8.8         13.7        6.3         12.5     3.7         6.6        11.3        10.2       11.6        11.1                                           14.0           13.1      13.4            2.2        9.8          17.7        14.2         12.1                   
  Risk for Public Security                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              5.0                                                                         9.0                           1.5         15.4        3.6          3.1         2.3        8.2         8.7         3.5         10.9     4.2         16.0       13.2        7.7        6.3         10.3        9.9       4.1                      13.0           11.6      11.7            10.6       0.3          5.4         9.9          5.2                    
  Scams and Fraud                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       17.5                                                                        18.7                          3.6         3.4         12.3         12.6        14.8       1.5         18.7        88.6        16.0     5.4         20.6       16.8        12.7       20.2        21.4        108.5     3.6        14.0          17.2           13.2      24.2            4.7        16.6         48.6        13.7         75.0                   
  Scope of Platform Service                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             114.5                                                                       73.2                          7.5                                                                     9.4         4.6         5.9      7.3                                15.2       18.5        15.6                                           4.5            15.8      27.0                                                23.6                                
  Self-Harm                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             2.1                                                                         13.6                                      0.4         1.0          41.4        47.4                   11.2        1.5         11.6     9.5                                15.8       27.8                              1.8                      23.5           12.7      2.3             23.9                                11.1         2.9                    
  Unsafe and Illegal Products                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           12.5                                                                        13.4                                                  77.1         10.7        7.8        6.8         13.4        12.6        18.7     7.4         15.5                   12.5       142.9       7.0         13.9                 1.7           4.2            4.2       22.5            1.0        10.9         17.1        10.7         20.2                   
  Violence                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              11.9                                                                        9.8                           13.1        32.8        89.8         10.3        49.9       83.4        10.8        8.5         10.4     3.7         13.2       7.7         10.4       10.7        2.5         0.9       1.6        2.1           11.0           12.9      10.6            10.3       12.5         1.7         10.9         9.1                    
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------- ----------- ----------- ------------ ----------- ---------- ----------- ----------- ----------- -------- ----------- ---------- ----------- ---------- ----------- ----------- --------- ---------- ------------- -------------- --------- --------------- ---------- ------------ ----------- ------------ ------------ --------- ----------

[ Important Notes about Actions taken on illegal content: ]{.c6}

1.   D isparity between reports received and reports handled is caused
    by the pending cases at the end of the reporting period.
2.  [ We only use automated means to close user reports of illegal
    content where: (i) reported content is no longer accessible to the
    reporter following other means/workflows; or (ii) reporter displays
    bad actor patterns. ]{.c6}
3.  [ The numbers of "Intellectual property infringements" reflect
    reports instead of individual items of content and accounts. Actions
    taken against intellectual property infringements are made globally
    meaning that media that infringes copyright and accounts that
    infringe trademarks will be disabled globally. ]{.c6}
4.   Action Types: actions that do not reference TIUC Terms of Service
    and Rules have been taken based on illegality.
5.  [ To improve clarity, we\'ve omitted countries and violation types
    with zero reports from the tables above. ]{.c6}
6.  [ The tables REPORTS RESOLVED BY ACTIONS TAKEN ON ILLEGAL CONTENT
    and REPORTS OF ILLEGAL CONTENT MEDIAN HANDLE TIME were updated on 13
    November 2023 to replace an undefined description \"reported
    content\" with the relevant enforcement method \"manual closure\".
    ]{.c6}

##  {#h.lrfafpe54s5r .c317 .c13}

Complaints received through our internal complaint-handling system.

[ COMPLAINTS OF ACTIONS TAKEN ]{.c115} [ FOR ILLEGAL CONTENT RECEIVED
]{.c115}

[]{#t.eb99d0459001ffbc775dc84653ed9691b3fce097} []{#t.12}

  ------------------------------------------------------------------ ----------- ----------- ------------ ----------- ---------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ------ ----------- ---------- ----------- ---------- ----------- --------- ---------- -------------- --------------- ---------- ------------ ------------ --------- ---------- -----------------------
  [ Illegal Content Complaints Received - Aug 28 to Oct 20 ]{.c22}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
                                                                     Austria     Belgium     Bulgaria     Croatia     Cyprus     Czechia     Denmark     Estonia     EU     Finland     France     Germany     Greece     Ireland     Italy     Latvia     Luxembourg     Netherlands     Poland     Portugal     Slovenia     Spain     Sweden     [ Grand Total ]{.c22}
  Complaints                                                         3           8           1            1           1          1           5           3           33     1           52         33          1          10          15        2          5              5               5          6            1            14        2          [ 208 ]{.c22}
  ------------------------------------------------------------------ ----------- ----------- ------------ ----------- ---------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ------ ----------- ---------- ----------- ---------- ----------- --------- ---------- -------------- --------------- ---------- ------------ ------------ --------- ---------- -----------------------

[ COMPLAINTS OF ACTIONS TAKEN ]{.c115} [ FOR ILLEGAL CONTENT DECISIONS
]{.c115}

[]{#t.4a69d12a6711dac21dd4b96bd93b681790948290} []{#t.13}

  ------------------------------------------------------------------ ----------- ----------- ------------ ----------- ---------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ------ ----------- ---------- ----------- ---------- ----------- --------- ---------- -------------- --------------- ---------- ------------ ------------ --------- ---------- -----------------------
  [ Illegal Content Complaints Actioned - Aug 28 to Oct 20 ]{.c22}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
                                                                     Austria     Belgium     Bulgaria     Croatia     Cyprus     Czechia     Denmark     Estonia     EU     Finland     France     Germany     Greece     Ireland     Italy     Latvia     Luxembourg     Netherlands     Poland     Portugal     Slovenia     Spain     Sweden     [ Grand Total ]{.c22}
  Overturned Appeal                                                  1           3                                                                                   2                  3          13                     1                     1          2                              1          3                         4         1          [ 35 ]{.c22}
  Rejected Appeal                                                    2           5           1            1           1          1           5           3           31     1           49         20          1          9           15        1          3              5               4          3            1            10        1          [ 173 ]{.c22}
  ------------------------------------------------------------------ ----------- ----------- ------------ ----------- ---------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ------ ----------- ---------- ----------- ---------- ----------- --------- ---------- -------------- --------------- ---------- ------------ ------------ --------- ---------- -----------------------

[ COMPLAINTS OF ACTIONS TAKEN ]{.c115} [ FOR ILLEGAL CONTENT MEDIAN
HANDLE TIME ]{.c115}

[]{#t.4e95c1a8e3267d8c6f5d5ad85aa53b470c957b82} []{#t.14}

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ----------- ----------- ------------ ----------- ---------- ----------- ----------- ----------- -------- ----------- ---------- ----------- ---------- ----------- --------- ---------- -------------- --------------- ---------- ------------ ------------ --------- ----------
  [ Illegal Content Complaints Median Handle Time (Hours) - Aug 28 to Oct 20 ]{.c22}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                       Austria     Belgium     Bulgaria     Croatia     Cyprus     Czechia     Denmark     Estonia     EU       Finland     France     Germany     Greece     Ireland     Italy     Latvia     Luxembourg     Netherlands     Poland     Portugal     Slovenia     Spain     Sweden
  Complaints                                                                           3.8         15.4        329          0.9         0          131.6       1.7         168.4       13.2     68          4.7        2           24.1       3.4         16        71.1       0              4.3             8.2        5.7          199.2        9.4       8.4
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ----------- ----------- ------------ ----------- ---------- ----------- ----------- ----------- -------- ----------- ---------- ----------- ---------- ----------- --------- ---------- -------------- --------------- ---------- ------------ ------------ --------- ----------

[ COMPLAINTS OF ACTIONS TAKEN FOR TIUC TERMS OF SERVICE AND RULES
VIOLATIONS RECEIVED ]{.c115}

[]{#t.824e8f92cdac5b5acced38e24855e8576d367fde} []{#t.15}

  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- ----------------- ----------------- --------------- ----------------- ------------------ ------------------ ----------------- --------------- ----------------- ----------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- ------------------ ----------------- ----------------- ----------------- --------------- --------------- ------------------ ----------------- -----------------------
  [ TIUC Terms of Service and Rules Action Complaints - Aug 28 to Oct 20 ]{.c22}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
  Category                                                                         Austria           Belgium           Bulgaria        Croatia         Cyprus          Czechia           Denmark           Estonia         Finland           France             Germany            Greece            Hungary         Ireland           Italy             Latvia          Lithuania       Luxembourg      Malta           Netherlands        Poland            Portugal          Romania           Slovakia        Slovenia        Spain              Sweden            [ Grand Total ]{.c22}
  Account Suspension Complaints                                                    1,006             1,758             741             407             242             952               1,010             321             1,101             16,340             24,594             1,067             874             1,456             5,837             318             535             965             122             13,939             6,688             2,457             1,501             333             208             12,365             2,202             [ 99,339 ]{.c22}
  Content Action Complaints                                                        70                149               16              19              15              70                54                10              45                1,296              960                50                27              176               177               10              17              13              8               340                180               135               68                22              12              1,068              108               [ 5,115 ]{.c22}
  Live Feature Action Complaints                                                   1                 4                 1               2                                                 1                                                   45                 32                 1                 1               2                 10                1               1               3                               20                 8                 6                 4                 1                               7                  11                [ 162 ]{.c22}
  Restricted Reach Complaints                                                      48                86                21              35              10              57                50                14              66                371                470                41                17              195               145               10              8               12              4               350                217               65                38                15              30              454                188               [ 3,017 ]{.c22}
  Sensitive Media Action Complaints                                                5                 11                1               4               3               12                4                 3               7                 49                 129                4                 3               15                22                                                3                               58                 21                3                 6                 3               1               23                 21                [ 411 ]{.c22}
  [ Grand Total ]{.c22}                                                            [ 1,130 ]{.c22}   [ 2,008 ]{.c22}   [ 780 ]{.c22}   [ 467 ]{.c22}   [ 270 ]{.c22}   [ 1,091 ]{.c22}   [ 1,119 ]{.c22}   [ 348 ]{.c22}   [ 1,219 ]{.c22}   [ 18,101 ]{.c22}   [ 26,185 ]{.c22}   [ 1,163 ]{.c22}   [ 922 ]{.c22}   [ 1,844 ]{.c22}   [ 6,191 ]{.c22}   [ 339 ]{.c22}   [ 561 ]{.c22}   [ 996 ]{.c22}   [ 134 ]{.c22}   [ 14,707 ]{.c22}   [ 7,114 ]{.c22}   [ 2,666 ]{.c22}   [ 1,617 ]{.c22}   [ 374 ]{.c22}   [ 251 ]{.c22}   [ 13,917 ]{.c22}   [ 2,530 ]{.c22}   [ 108,044 ]{.c22}
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- ----------------- ----------------- --------------- ----------------- ------------------ ------------------ ----------------- --------------- ----------------- ----------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- ------------------ ----------------- ----------------- ----------------- --------------- --------------- ------------------ ----------------- -----------------------

[ COMPLAINTS OF ACTIONS TAKEN FOR TIUC TERMS OF SERVICE AND RULES
VIOLATIONS ]{.c115} [ DECISIONS ]{.c115}

[]{#t.bf33d4924ac92833149b2778daf67eaefee56410} []{#t.16}

  -------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------------- ----------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- ----------------- ----------------- --------------- ----------------- ------------------ ------------------ ----------------- --------------- ----------------- ----------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- ------------------ ----------------- ----------------- ----------------- --------------- ---------------- ------------------ ----------------------- ------------------------
  [ Decisions ]{.c262}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  Category                                     Overturned        Austria           Belgium           Bulgaria        Croatia         Cyprus          Czechia           Denmark           Estonia         Finland           France             Germany            Greece            Hungary         Ireland           Italy             Latvia          Lithuania       Luxembourg      Malta           Netherlands        Poland            Portugal          Romania           Slovakia        Slovenia         Spain              Sweden                  [ Grand Total ]{.c22}
  [ Account Suspension Complaints ]{.c6}       [ No ]{.c2}       [ 928 ]{.c2}      [ 1,607 ]{.c2}    [ 699 ]{.c2}    [ 367 ]{.c2}    [ 222 ]{.c2}    [ 847 ]{.c2}      [ 938 ]{.c2}      [ 306 ]{.c2}    [ 1,013 ]{.c2}    [ 15,047 ]{.c2}    [ 23,503 ]{.c2}    [ 969 ]{.c2}      [ 817 ]{.c2}    [ 1,333 ]{.c2}    [ 5,382 ]{.c2}    [ 283 ]{.c2}    [ 500 ]{.c2}    [ 942 ]{.c2}    [ 108 ]{.c2}    [ 13,426 ]{.c2}    [ 6,289 ]{.c2}    [ 2,166 ]{.c2}    [ 1,347 ]{.c2}    [ 311 ]{.c2}    [ 187 ]{.c2}     [ 10,784 ]{.c2}    [ 2,055 ]{.c2}          [ 92,376 ]{.c22 .c198}
  [ Yes ]{.c2}                                 [ 74 ]{.c2}       [ 130 ]{.c2}      [ 37 ]{.c2}       [ 35 ]{.c2}     [ 18 ]{.c2}     [ 92 ]{.c2}     [ 62 ]{.c2}       [ 14 ]{.c2}       [ 74 ]{.c2}     [ 1,114 ]{.c2}    [ 948 ]{.c2}       [ 84 ]{.c2}        [ 51 ]{.c2}       [ 97 ]{.c2}     [ 368 ]{.c2}      [ 31 ]{.c2}       [ 31 ]{.c2}     [ 19 ]{.c2}     [ 13 ]{.c2}     [ 443 ]{.c2}    [ 352 ]{.c2}       [ 257 ]{.c2}      [ 138 ]{.c2}      [ 19 ]{.c2}       [ 16 ]{.c2}     [ 1,374 ]{.c2}   [ 131 ]{.c2}       [ 6,022 ]{.c22 .c198}   
  [ Content Action Complaints ]{.c6}           [ No ]{.c2}       [ 60 ]{.c2}       [ 122 ]{.c2}      [ 15 ]{.c2}     [ 14 ]{.c2}     [ 11 ]{.c2}     [ 58 ]{.c2}       [ 38 ]{.c2}       [ 8 ]{.c2}      [ 36 ]{.c2}       [ 968 ]{.c2}       [ 782 ]{.c2}       [ 43 ]{.c2}       [ 16 ]{.c2}     [ 133 ]{.c2}      [ 136 ]{.c2}      [ 9 ]{.c2}      [ 12 ]{.c2}     [ 10 ]{.c2}     [ 5 ]{.c2}      [ 265 ]{.c2}       [ 152 ]{.c2}      [ 92 ]{.c2}       [ 53 ]{.c2}       [ 15 ]{.c2}     [ 12 ]{.c2}      [ 776 ]{.c2}       [ 77 ]{.c2}             [ 3,918 ]{.c22 .c198}
  [ Yes ]{.c2}                                 [ 8 ]{.c2}        [ 26 ]{.c2}       [ 1 ]{.c2}        [ 4 ]{.c2}      [ 4 ]{.c2}      [ 11 ]{.c2}     [ 16 ]{.c2}       [ 2 ]{.c2}        [ 8 ]{.c2}      [ 287 ]{.c2}      [ 162 ]{.c2}       [ 6 ]{.c2}         [ 10 ]{.c2}       [ 42 ]{.c2}     [ 40 ]{.c2}       [ 1 ]{.c2}        [ 5 ]{.c2}      [ 2 ]{.c2}      [ 3 ]{.c2}      [ 68 ]{.c2}     [ 28 ]{.c2}        [ 42 ]{.c2}       [ 15 ]{.c2}       [ 7 ]{.c2}                        [ 277 ]{.c2}     [ 29 ]{.c2}        [ 1,104 ]{.c22 .c198}   
  [ Live Feature Action Complaints ]{.c6}      [ No ]{.c2}       [ 1 ]{.c2}        [ 4 ]{.c2}        [ 1 ]{.c2}      [ 2 ]{.c2}                                        [ 1 ]{.c2}                                          [ 44 ]{.c2}        [ 30 ]{.c2}        [ 1 ]{.c2}        [ 1 ]{.c2}      [ 2 ]{.c2}        [ 10 ]{.c2}       [ 1 ]{.c2}      [ 1 ]{.c2}      [ 3 ]{.c2}                      [ 20 ]{.c2}        [ 7 ]{.c2}        [ 6 ]{.c2}        [ 4 ]{.c2}        [ 1 ]{.c2}                       [ 7 ]{.c2}         [ 11 ]{.c2}             [ 158 ]{.c22 .c198}
  [ Yes ]{.c2}                                                                                                                                                                                           [ 1 ]{.c2}        [ 1 ]{.c2}                                                                                                                                                                  [ 1 ]{.c2}                                                                                                                   [ 3 ]{.c22 .c198}       
  [ Restricted Reach Complaints ]{.c6}         [ No ]{.c2}       [ 24 ]{.c2}       [ 38 ]{.c2}       [ 12 ]{.c2}     [ 23 ]{.c2}     [ 5 ]{.c2}      [ 20 ]{.c2}       [ 29 ]{.c2}       [ 5 ]{.c2}      [ 25 ]{.c2}       [ 203 ]{.c2}       [ 232 ]{.c2}       [ 18 ]{.c2}       [ 9 ]{.c2}      [ 96 ]{.c2}       [ 82 ]{.c2}       [ 7 ]{.c2}      [ 5 ]{.c2}      [ 7 ]{.c2}      [ 1 ]{.c2}      [ 176 ]{.c2}       [ 92 ]{.c2}       [ 45 ]{.c2}       [ 18 ]{.c2}       [ 8 ]{.c2}      [ 15 ]{.c2}      [ 231 ]{.c2}       [ 95 ]{.c2}             [ 1,521 ]{.c22 .c198}
  [ Yes ]{.c2}                                 [ 24 ]{.c2}       [ 48 ]{.c2}       [ 9 ]{.c2}        [ 12 ]{.c2}     [ 4 ]{.c2}      [ 37 ]{.c2}     [ 21 ]{.c2}       [ 9 ]{.c2}        [ 40 ]{.c2}     [ 168 ]{.c2}      [ 235 ]{.c2}       [ 23 ]{.c2}        [ 8 ]{.c2}        [ 99 ]{.c2}     [ 63 ]{.c2}       [ 3 ]{.c2}        [ 3 ]{.c2}      [ 5 ]{.c2}      [ 3 ]{.c2}      [ 171 ]{.c2}    [ 125 ]{.c2}       [ 20 ]{.c2}       [ 20 ]{.c2}       [ 7 ]{.c2}        [ 15 ]{.c2}     [ 221 ]{.c2}     [ 93 ]{.c2}        [ 1,486 ]{.c22 .c198}   
  [ Sensitive Media Action Complaints ]{.c6}   [ No ]{.c2}       [ 2 ]{.c2}        [ 5 ]{.c2}                        [ 2 ]{.c2}      [ 3 ]{.c2}      [ 12 ]{.c2}       [ 4 ]{.c2}        [ 3 ]{.c2}      [ 3 ]{.c2}        [ 32 ]{.c2}        [ 72 ]{.c2}        [ 3 ]{.c2}        [ 3 ]{.c2}      [ 11 ]{.c2}       [ 9 ]{.c2}                                        [ 2 ]{.c2}                      [ 37 ]{.c2}        [ 15 ]{.c2}       [ 2 ]{.c2}        [ 2 ]{.c2}        [ 2 ]{.c2}                       [ 10 ]{.c2}        [ 9 ]{.c2}              [ 243 ]{.c22 .c198}
  [ Yes ]{.c2}                                 [ 3 ]{.c2}        [ 6 ]{.c2}        [ 1 ]{.c2}        [ 2 ]{.c2}                                                                          [ 4 ]{.c2}      [ 13 ]{.c2}       [ 50 ]{.c2}        [ 1 ]{.c2}                           [ 3 ]{.c2}      [ 13 ]{.c2}                                                                         [ 16 ]{.c2}     [ 6 ]{.c2}         [ 1 ]{.c2}        [ 4 ]{.c2}        [ 1 ]{.c2}        [ 1 ]{.c2}      [ 12 ]{.c2}      [ 11 ]{.c2}        [ 148 ]{.c22 .c198}     
  [ Grand Total ]{.c22}                        [ Total ]{.c22}   [ 1,124 ]{.c22}   [ 1,986 ]{.c22}   [ 775 ]{.c22}   [ 461 ]{.c22}   [ 267 ]{.c22}   [ 1,077 ]{.c22}   [ 1,109 ]{.c22}   [ 347 ]{.c22}   [ 1,203 ]{.c22}   [ 17,877 ]{.c22}   [ 26,015 ]{.c22}   [ 1,148 ]{.c22}   [ 915 ]{.c22}   [ 1,816 ]{.c22}   [ 6,103 ]{.c22}   [ 335 ]{.c22}   [ 557 ]{.c22}   [ 990 ]{.c22}   [ 133 ]{.c22}   [ 14,622 ]{.c22}   [ 7,067 ]{.c22}   [ 2,631 ]{.c22}   [ 1,601 ]{.c22}   [ 371 ]{.c22}   [ 246 ]{.c22}    [ 13,692 ]{.c22}   [ 2,511 ]{.c22}         [ 106,979 ]{.c22}
  -------------------------------------------- ----------------- ----------------- ----------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- ----------------- ----------------- --------------- ----------------- ------------------ ------------------ ----------------- --------------- ----------------- ----------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- ------------------ ----------------- ----------------- ----------------- --------------- ---------------- ------------------ ----------------------- ------------------------

[ COMPLAINTS OF ACTIONS TAKEN FOR TIUC TERMS OF SERVICE AND RULES
VIOLATIONS MEDIAN HANDLE TIM ]{.c115} [ E ]{.c116 .c115}

[]{#t.e9beb5502cad8f9c74add8bc649ceffd44eab1dd} []{#t.17}

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------- ----------- ------------ ----------- ---------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ---------- ----------- ----------------- ----------- ----------- --------- ---------- ------------- -------------- --------- --------------- ---------- ------------ ----------- ----------------- ------------ --------- ----------
  [ TIUC Terms of Service and Rules Complaints Median Handle Time (Hours) ]{.c22}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
  Category                                                                          Austria     Belgium     Bulgaria     Croatia     Cyprus     Czechia     Denmark     Estonia     Finland     France     Germany     Greece            Hungary     Ireland     Italy     Latvia     Lithuania     Luxembourg     Malta     Netherlands     Poland     Portugal     Romania     Slovakia          Slovenia     Spain     Sweden
  Account Suspension Complaints                                                     0.14        0.07        0.00         0.17        0.16       0.12        0.12        0.47        0.18        0.07       0.00        0.12              0.08        0.08        0.10      0.23       0.32          0.00           0.34      0.00            0.03       0.08         0.14        0.38              0.25         0.10      0.13
  Content Action Complaints                                                         0.25        0.33        0.90         0.16        0.48       0.07        0.05        0.28        0.46        0.55       1.04        0.77              0.48        0.15        0.35      0.13       0.30          1.20           0.27      0.42            0.62       0.30         0.57        0.35              0.30         0.43      0.27
  Live Feature Action Complaints                                                    1.21        9.11        4.76         3.71                               12.87                               5.51       6.40        [ 0.07 ]{.c386}   4.51        4.30        7.98      8.86       3.58          1.22                     4.98            3.74       6.31         11.72       [ 1.72 ]{.c386}                2.35      7.74
  Restricted Reach Complaints                                                       0.08        0.05        0.10         0.17        0.04       0.08        0.03        0.05        0.07        0.08       0.08        0.05              0.05        0.07        0.08      0.05       0.17          0.10           0.15      0.08            0.07       0.07         0.05        0.05              0.08         0.08      0.07
  Sensitive Media Action Complaints                                                 5.82        0.13        11.75        0.27        2.78       0.22        4.80        2.18        1.13        0.93       1.88        1.65              3.70        1.17        0.45                               0.18                     0.82            0.47       0.68         2.68        0.98              4.08         1.30      1.32
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------- ----------- ------------ ----------- ---------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ---------- ----------- ----------------- ----------- ----------- --------- ---------- ------------- -------------- --------- --------------- ---------- ------------ ----------- ----------------- ------------ --------- ----------

Important Notes about Complaints:

1.   Information on the basis of complaints is not provided due to [ the
    wide variety of underlying reasoning contained in the open text
    field in the complaint form. ]{.c6}
2.  [ To improve clarity, we\'ve omitted countries and violation types
    with zero complaints from the tables above. ]{.c6}
3.   The COMPLAINTS OF ACTIONS TAKEN FOR TIUC TERMS OF SERVICE AND RULES
    VIOLATIONS RECEIVED/DECISIONS tables were updated on 1 November 2023
    to show additional data regarding complaints of actions taken based
    on the CSE policy that were not shown in the original version. The
    table COMPLAINTS OF ACTIONS TAKEN FOR TIUC TERMS OF SERVICE AND
    RULES VIOLATIONS MEDIAN HANDLE TIM E has been updated following
    updates to the tables COMPLAINTS OF ACTIONS TAKEN FOR TIUC TERMS OF
    SERVICE AND RULES VIOLATIONS RECEIVED/DECISIONS.

##  {#h.brhxxsdktmcm .c13 .c323}

INDICATORS OF ACCURACY FOR

CONTENT MODERATION

The possible rate of error of the automated means used in fulfilling
those purposes, and any safeguards applied

[ VISIBILITY FILTERING INDICATORS ]{.c115}

[]{#t.25b1ae117047b8657a7ab0f565987efeddac8813} []{#t.18}

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------- ------------------- ---------------- ----------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ ----------------- ----------------- ---------------- -------------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ --------------------- ------------------ ----------------- --------------------- ------------------- ----------------- -------------------- ------------------ ------------------
  [ TIUC Terms of Service and Rules Visibility Filtering ]{.c22} [ Complaint ]{.c22} [ s Received -  Aug 28 to Oct 20 ]{.c22}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
  [ Enforcement ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                              Policy                                                                                                                                                                                                            [ Bulgarian ]{.c6}   [ Croatian ]{.c6}   [ Czech ]{.c6}   [ Danish ]{.c6}   [ Dutch ]{.c6}   [ English ]{.c6}   [ Finnish ]{.c6}   [ French ]{.c6}   [ German ]{.c6}   [ Greek ]{.c6}   [ Hungarian ]{.c6}   [ Irish ]{.c6}   [ Italian ]{.c6}   [ Latvian ]{.c6}   [ Lithuanian ]{.c6}   [ Maltese ]{.c6}   [ Polish ]{.c6}   [ Portuguese ]{.c6}   [ Romanian ]{.c6}   [ Slovak ]{.c6}   [ Slovenian ]{.c6}   [ Spanish ]{.c6}   [ Swedish ]{.c6}
  [ Automated Means ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                          [ [Hateful Conduct](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/hateful-conduct-policy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092927385426&usg=AOvVaw1GyLhriW_mdoQCPiviFN81){.c21} ]{.c32}   [ 1 ]{.c6}           [ 6 ]{.c6}          [ 21 ]{.c6}      [ 11 ]{.c6}       [ 84 ]{.c6}      [ 1,098 ]{.c6}     [ 18 ]{.c6}        [ 240 ]{.c6}      [ 151 ]{.c6}      [ 4 ]{.c6}       [ 2 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 56 ]{.c6}        [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 116 ]{.c6}      [ 17 ]{.c6}           [ 3 ]{.c6}          [ 3 ]{.c6}                             [ 187 ]{.c6}       [ 62 ]{.c6}
  [ Manual Closure ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                           [ [Abuse & Harassment](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/abusive-behavior&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092927392352&usg=AOvVaw2xuj41JdcPIMOs4Bx5HEeD){.c21} ]{.c32}      [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 3 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 1 ]{.c6}       [ 44 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 13 ]{.c6}       [ 21 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 1 ]{.c6}                            [ 10 ]{.c6}                           [ 0 ]{.c6}                               [ 10 ]{.c6}       [ 1 ]{.c6}            [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}                             [ 35 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}
  [ [Hateful Conduct](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/hateful-conduct-policy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092927398334&usg=AOvVaw0g146VDg-a-BIB84Lq5PBg){.c21} ]{.c32}   [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                        [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 1 ]{.c6}       [ 7 ]{.c6}        [ 64 ]{.c6}      [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 17 ]{.c6}        [ 18 ]{.c6}       [ 1 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}                            [ 7 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 7 ]{.c6}         [ 7 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}            [ 0 ]{.c6}                            [ 24 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         
  [ [Violent Speech](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/violent-speech&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092927404671&usg=AOvVaw3_S1IaT3WOI9BRQqJNe_zc){.c21} ]{.c32}            [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                        [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 1 ]{.c6}        [ 4 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 3 ]{.c6}        [ 1 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}                            [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                                   [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}            [ 0 ]{.c6}                            [ 2 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}         
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------- ------------------- ---------------- ----------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ ----------------- ----------------- ---------------- -------------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ --------------------- ------------------ ----------------- --------------------- ------------------- ----------------- -------------------- ------------------ ------------------

[]{#t.c2fa223d0b569272c797816d119e9ff250c52800} []{#t.19}

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------- ------------------- ---------------- ----------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ ----------------- ----------------- ---------------- -------------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ --------------------- ------------------ ----------------- --------------------- ------------------- ----------------- -------------------- ------------------ ------------------
  [ TIUC Terms of Service and Rules Visibility Filtering Complaint Overturns -  Aug 28 to Oct 20 ]{.c22}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
  [ Enforcement ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                              Policy                                                                                                                                                                                                            [ Bulgarian ]{.c6}   [ Croatian ]{.c6}   [ Czech ]{.c6}   [ Danish ]{.c6}   [ Dutch ]{.c6}   [ English ]{.c6}   [ Finnish ]{.c6}   [ French ]{.c6}   [ German ]{.c6}   [ Greek ]{.c6}   [ Hungarian ]{.c6}   [ Irish ]{.c6}   [ Italian ]{.c6}   [ Latvian ]{.c6}   [ Lithuanian ]{.c6}   [ Maltese ]{.c6}   [ Polish ]{.c6}   [ Portuguese ]{.c6}   [ Romanian ]{.c6}   [ Slovak ]{.c6}   [ Slovenian ]{.c6}   [ Spanish ]{.c6}   [ Swedish ]{.c6}
  [ Automated Means ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                          [ [Hateful Conduct](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/hateful-conduct-policy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092927420605&usg=AOvVaw0x_Ld6u1av2QsGDwRrRarl){.c21} ]{.c32}   [ 1 ]{.c6}           [ 4 ]{.c6}          [ 15 ]{.c6}      [ 3 ]{.c6}        [ 45 ]{.c6}      [ 527 ]{.c6}       [ 13 ]{.c6}        [ 147 ]{.c6}      [ 76 ]{.c6}       [ 2 ]{.c6}       [ 1 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 20 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 69 ]{.c6}       [ 6 ]{.c6}            [ 1 ]{.c6}          [ 1 ]{.c6}                             [ 87 ]{.c6}        [ 34 ]{.c6}
  [ Manual Closure ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                           [ [Abuse & Harassment](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/abusive-behavior&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092927426007&usg=AOvVaw1tOJnjG2kaqON9ubUoXSQk){.c21} ]{.c32}      [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 3 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 1 ]{.c6}       [ 25 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 11 ]{.c6}       [ 15 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 1 ]{.c6}                            [ 5 ]{.c6}                            [ 0 ]{.c6}                               [ 6 ]{.c6}        [ 1 ]{.c6}            [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}                             [ 26 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}
  [ [Hateful Conduct](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/hateful-conduct-policy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092927431380&usg=AOvVaw1HrVYRkJXLOYdNh2EZ17Fj){.c21} ]{.c32}   [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                        [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 3 ]{.c6}        [ 31 ]{.c6}      [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 7 ]{.c6}         [ 5 ]{.c6}        [ 1 ]{.c6}                                              [ 3 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 5 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}            [ 0 ]{.c6}                            [ 10 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         
  [ [Violent Speech](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/violent-speech&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092927436754&usg=AOvVaw1crXJPh3kGZCAVnjHp6CDW){.c21} ]{.c32}            [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                        [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 1 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 3 ]{.c6}        [ 1 ]{.c6}                                              [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                   [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}            [ 0 ]{.c6}                            [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}         
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------- ------------------- ---------------- ----------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ ----------------- ----------------- ---------------- -------------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ --------------------- ------------------ ----------------- --------------------- ------------------- ----------------- -------------------- ------------------ ------------------

[]{#t.32564b0ca7b83f70677c5632c99f7a8a64227331} []{#t.20}

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------- ------------------- ---------------- ----------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ ----------------- ----------------- ---------------- -------------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ --------------------- ------------------ ----------------- --------------------- ------------------- ----------------- -------------------- ------------------ ------------------
  [ TIUC Terms of Service and Rules Visibility Filtering ]{.c22} [ Complaint Rate ]{.c22} [ -  Aug 28 to Oct 20 ]{.c22}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
  [ Enforcement ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                              Policy                                                                                                                                                                                                            [ Bulgarian ]{.c6}   [ Croatian ]{.c6}   [ Czech ]{.c6}   [ Danish ]{.c6}   [ Dutch ]{.c6}   [ English ]{.c6}   [ Finnish ]{.c6}   [ French ]{.c6}   [ German ]{.c6}   [ Greek ]{.c6}   [ Hungarian ]{.c6}   [ Irish ]{.c6}   [ Italian ]{.c6}   [ Latvian ]{.c6}   [ Lithuanian ]{.c6}   [ Maltese ]{.c6}   [ Polish ]{.c6}   [ Portuguese ]{.c6}   [ Romanian ]{.c6}   [ Slovak ]{.c6}   [ Slovenian ]{.c6}   [ Spanish ]{.c6}   [ Swedish ]{.c6}
  [ Automated Means ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                          [ [Hateful Conduct](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/hateful-conduct-policy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092927453653&usg=AOvVaw18019cd3fBWZfigFyjxCfQ){.c21} ]{.c32}   [ 1% ]{.c6}          [ 4% ]{.c6}         [ 5% ]{.c6}      [ 4% ]{.c6}       [ 5% ]{.c6}      [ 3% ]{.c6}        [ 4% ]{.c6}        [ 4% ]{.c6}       [ 5% ]{.c6}       [ 2% ]{.c6}      [ 1% ]{.c6}          [ 0% ]{.c6}      [ 6% ]{.c6}        [ 3% ]{.c6}                                                 [ 5% ]{.c6}       [ 3% ]{.c6}           [ 2% ]{.c6}         [ 3% ]{.c6}                            [ 3% ]{.c6}        [ 6% ]{.c6}
  [ Manual Closure ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                           [ [Abuse & Harassment](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/abusive-behavior&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092927459624&usg=AOvVaw0qETUMhBpMU1Zep7MGi8X1){.c21} ]{.c32}      [ 0% ]{.c6}          [ 0% ]{.c6}         [ 4% ]{.c6}      [ 0% ]{.c6}       [ 1% ]{.c6}      [ 1% ]{.c6}        [ 0% ]{.c6}        [ 1% ]{.c6}       [ 6% ]{.c6}       [ 0% ]{.c6}      [ 3% ]{.c6}                           [ 2% ]{.c6}                           [ 0% ]{.c6}                              [ 2% ]{.c6}       [ 1% ]{.c6}           [ 0% ]{.c6}         [ 0% ]{.c6}                            [ 3% ]{.c6}        [ 0% ]{.c6}
  [ [Hateful Conduct](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/hateful-conduct-policy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092927465808&usg=AOvVaw1Cuj44cCpTXJfT_ifjzNga){.c21} ]{.c32}   [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                       [ 0% ]{.c6}          [ 0% ]{.c6}         [ 3% ]{.c6}      [ 4% ]{.c6}       [ 1% ]{.c6}      [ 2% ]{.c6}        [ 1% ]{.c6}        [ 6% ]{.c6}       [ 2% ]{.c6}       [ 0% ]{.c6}                           [ 2% ]{.c6}      [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                 [ 2% ]{.c6}        [ 5% ]{.c6}       [ 0% ]{.c6}           [ 0% ]{.c6}                           [ 2% ]{.c6}          [ 0% ]{.c6}        
  [ [Violent Speech](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/violent-speech&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092927471706&usg=AOvVaw1-XuVK8WTNda02zzrN9pSK){.c21} ]{.c32}            [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                       [ 0% ]{.c6}          [ 0% ]{.c6}         [ 0% ]{.c6}      [ 1% ]{.c6}       [ 1% ]{.c6}      [ 0% ]{.c6}        [ 0% ]{.c6}        [ 2% ]{.c6}       [ 11% ]{.c6}      [ 0% ]{.c6}                           [ 2% ]{.c6}                                                                  [ 0% ]{.c6}        [ 0% ]{.c6}       [ 0% ]{.c6}           [ 0% ]{.c6}                           [ 2% ]{.c6}          [ 0% ]{.c6}        
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------- ------------------- ---------------- ----------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ ----------------- ----------------- ---------------- -------------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ --------------------- ------------------ ----------------- --------------------- ------------------- ----------------- -------------------- ------------------ ------------------

[]{#t.bc20fa4db288bbbb1f2cf7ebd0a1f3a9f05bdda6} []{#t.21}

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------- ------------------- ---------------- ----------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ ----------------- ----------------- ---------------- -------------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ --------------------- ------------------ ----------------- --------------------- ------------------- ----------------- -------------------- ------------------ ------------------
  [ TIUC Terms of Service and Rules Visibility Filtering ]{.c22} [ Complaint Overturn Rate ]{.c22} [ - Aug 28 to Oct 20 ]{.c22}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
  [ Enforcement ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                              Policy                                                                                                                                                                                                            [ Bulgarian ]{.c6}   [ Croatian ]{.c6}   [ Czech ]{.c6}   [ Danish ]{.c6}   [ Dutch ]{.c6}   [ English ]{.c6}   [ Finnish ]{.c6}   [ French ]{.c6}   [ German ]{.c6}   [ Greek ]{.c6}   [ Hungarian ]{.c6}   [ Irish ]{.c6}   [ Italian ]{.c6}   [ Latvian ]{.c6}   [ Lithuanian ]{.c6}   [ Maltese ]{.c6}   [ Polish ]{.c6}   [ Portuguese ]{.c6}   [ Romanian ]{.c6}   [ Slovak ]{.c6}   [ Slovenian ]{.c6}   [ Spanish ]{.c6}   [ Swedish ]{.c6}
  [ Automated Means ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                          [ [Hateful Conduct](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/hateful-conduct-policy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092927489196&usg=AOvVaw3kwAiul6viTpNm3mWXzr_l){.c21} ]{.c32}   [ 100% ]{.c6}        [ 67% ]{.c6}        [ 71% ]{.c6}     [ 27% ]{.c6}      [ 54% ]{.c6}     [ 48% ]{.c6}       [ 72% ]{.c6}       [ 61% ]{.c6}      [ 50% ]{.c6}      [ 50% ]{.c6}     [ 50% ]{.c6}                          [ 36% ]{.c6}       [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                 [ 59% ]{.c6}      [ 35% ]{.c6}          [ 33% ]{.c6}        [ 33% ]{.c6}                           [ 47% ]{.c6}       [ 55% ]{.c6}
  [ Manual Closure ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                           [ [Abuse & Harassment](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/abusive-behavior&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092927495241&usg=AOvVaw0hlGfid5U_ZHhu9WdXEwAJ){.c21} ]{.c32}                                               [ 100% ]{.c6}                      [ 100% ]{.c6}    [ 57% ]{.c6}                          [ 85% ]{.c6}      [ 71% ]{.c6}                       [ 100% ]{.c6}                         [ 50% ]{.c6}                                                                   [ 60% ]{.c6}      [ 100% ]{.c6}                                                                    [ 74% ]{.c6}       
  [ [Hateful Conduct](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/hateful-conduct-policy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092927501098&usg=AOvVaw3MH_etQHr8bLa7RI8xrDud){.c21} ]{.c32}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              [ 0% ]{.c6}      [ 43% ]{.c6}      [ 48% ]{.c6}     [ 100% ]{.c6}      [ 41% ]{.c6}       [ 28% ]{.c6}      [ 100% ]{.c6}                                           [ 43% ]{.c6}                                                                 [ 71% ]{.c6}       [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                   [ 42% ]{.c6}                            
  [ [Violent Speech](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/violent-speech&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1700092927506796&usg=AOvVaw0lbEy6iPmIRTvYJcFBeUjE){.c21} ]{.c32}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        [ 0% ]{.c6}       [ 25% ]{.c6}                                           [ 100% ]{.c6}     [ 100% ]{.c6}                                           [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                   [ 0% ]{.c6}                             
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------- ------------------- ---------------- ----------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ ----------------- ----------------- ---------------- -------------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ --------------------- ------------------ ----------------- --------------------- ------------------- ----------------- -------------------- ------------------ ------------------

[ Important Notes: ]{.c6}

1.  [ The tables in the section VISIBILITY FILTERING INDICATORS were
    updated on 13 November 2023 to replace an undefined description
    \"reported content\" with the relevant enforcement method \"manual
    closure\". ]{.c6}

[ INDICATORS ]{.c115} [ OF ACCURACY FOR ]{.c115} [ CONTENT REMOVAL
]{.c115}

[]{#t.84254dff4aac6bcb0f1719c1a2f754b9127c2780} []{#t.22}

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------- -------------------- ------------------- ---------------- ----------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ ----------------- ----------------- ---------------- -------------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ --------------------- ------------------ ----------------- --------------------- ------------------- ----------------- -------------------- ------------------ ------------------
  [ TIUC Terms of Service and Rules Content Removal ]{.c22} [ Complaint ]{.c22} [ s Received ]{.c22}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  [ Enforcement ]{.c6}                                                                                 Policy                        [ Bulgarian ]{.c6}   [ Croatian ]{.c6}   [ Czech ]{.c6}   [ Danish ]{.c6}   [ Dutch ]{.c6}   [ English ]{.c6}   [ Finnish ]{.c6}   [ French ]{.c6}   [ German ]{.c6}   [ Greek ]{.c6}   [ Hungarian ]{.c6}   [ Irish ]{.c6}   [ Italian ]{.c6}   [ Latvian ]{.c6}   [ Lithuanian ]{.c6}   [ Maltese ]{.c6}   [ Polish ]{.c6}   [ Portuguese ]{.c6}   [ Romanian ]{.c6}   [ Slovak ]{.c6}   [ Slovenian ]{.c6}   [ Spanish ]{.c6}   [ Swedish ]{.c6}
  [ Automated Means ]{.c6}                                                                             [ Abuse & harassment ]{.c2}   [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 1 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 14 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}                            [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                       [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}
  [ Counterfeit ]{.c2}                                                                                 [ 0 ]{.c6}                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}                            [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}         
  [ Hateful Conduct ]{.c2}                                                                             [ 0 ]{.c6}                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}                            [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}         
  [ Illegal or certain regulated goods and services ]{.c2}                                             [ 0 ]{.c6}                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}                            [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}         
  [ Non-Consensual Nudity ]{.c2}                                                                       [ 0 ]{.c6}                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}                            [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}         
  [ Other ]{.c2}                                                                                       [ 0 ]{.c6}                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}                            [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}         
  [ Perpetrators of Violent Attacks ]{.c2}                                                             [ 0 ]{.c6}                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 2 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}                            [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}         
  [ Private information & media ]{.c2}                                                                 [ 0 ]{.c6}                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 2 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}                            [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}         
  [ Sensitive Media ]{.c2}                                                                             [ 0 ]{.c6}                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}                            [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}         
  [ Suicide & Self Harm ]{.c2}                                                                         [ 0 ]{.c6}                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}                            [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}         
  [ Violent Speech ]{.c2}                                                                              [ 1 ]{.c6}                    [ 3 ]{.c6}           [ 7 ]{.c6}          [ 4 ]{.c6}       [ 10 ]{.c6}       [ 655 ]{.c6}     [ 3 ]{.c6}         [ 257 ]{.c6}       [ 44 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 2 ]{.c6}                            [ 5 ]{.c6}       [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 7 ]{.c6}         [ 6 ]{.c6}                                                                    [ 268 ]{.c6}         [ 4 ]{.c6}         
  [ Manual Closure ]{.c6}                                                                              [ Abuse & harassment ]{.c2}   [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 1 ]{.c6}       [ 1 ]{.c6}        [ 8 ]{.c6}       [ 236 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 65 ]{.c6}       [ 31 ]{.c6}       [ 3 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}                            [ 17 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 12 ]{.c6}       [ 9 ]{.c6}                                                                       [ 109 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}
  [ Child Sexual Exploitation ]{.c2}                                                                   [ 0 ]{.c6}                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}                            [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}         
  [ Counterfeit ]{.c2}                                                                                 [ 0 ]{.c6}                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}                            [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}         
  [ Deceased Individuals ]{.c2}                                                                        [ 0 ]{.c6}                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 1 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}                            [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}         
  [ Hateful Conduct ]{.c2}                                                                             [ 0 ]{.c6}                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 8 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 15 ]{.c6}        [ 3 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}                            [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}         
  [ Illegal or certain regulated goods and services ]{.c2}                                             [ 0 ]{.c6}                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}                            [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}         
  [ Misleading & deceptive identities ]{.c2}                                                           [ 0 ]{.c6}                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}                            [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}         
  [ Non-Consensual Nudity ]{.c2}                                                                       [ 0 ]{.c6}                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 9 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}                            [ 10 ]{.c6}      [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                    [ 17 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         
  [ Other ]{.c2}                                                                                       [ 0 ]{.c6}                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}                            [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}         
  [ Perpetrators of Violent Attacks ]{.c2}                                                             [ 0 ]{.c6}                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 2 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}                            [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                    [ 1 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}         
  [ Private information & media ]{.c2}                                                                 [ 0 ]{.c6}                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 3 ]{.c6}        [ 13 ]{.c6}      [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 4 ]{.c6}         [ 5 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 1 ]{.c6}                            [ 2 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}                                                                    [ 7 ]{.c6}           [ 1 ]{.c6}         
  [ Restricted Reach Labels ]{.c2}                                                                     [ 0 ]{.c6}                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}                            [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}         
  [ Sensitive Media ]{.c2}                                                                             [ 0 ]{.c6}                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 3 ]{.c6}       [ 13 ]{.c6}       [ 297 ]{.c6}     [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 79 ]{.c6}        [ 38 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}                            [ 6 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 3 ]{.c6}         [ 6 ]{.c6}                                                                    [ 76 ]{.c6}          [ 2 ]{.c6}         
  [ Suicide & Self Harm ]{.c2}                                                                         [ 0 ]{.c6}                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 51 ]{.c6}      [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 17 ]{.c6}        [ 6 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}                            [ 4 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 3 ]{.c6}                                                                    [ 17 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}         
  [ Synthetic & Manipulated Media ]{.c2}                                                               [ 0 ]{.c6}                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}                            [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}         
  [ Violent & Hateful Entities ]{.c2}                                                                  [ 0 ]{.c6}                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}          [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}        [ 0 ]{.c6}                            [ 0 ]{.c6}       [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 0 ]{.c6}         [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                                    [ 0 ]{.c6}           [ 0 ]{.c6}         
  [ Violent Speech ]{.c2}                                                                              [ 2 ]{.c6}                    [ 2 ]{.c6}           [ 8 ]{.c6}          [ 5 ]{.c6}       [ 29 ]{.c6}       [ 840 ]{.c6}     [ 4 ]{.c6}         [ 310 ]{.c6}       [ 115 ]{.c6}      [ 1 ]{.c6}        [ 1 ]{.c6}                            [ 14 ]{.c6}      [ 0 ]{.c6}                                                  [ 14 ]{.c6}        [ 24 ]{.c6}                                                                   [ 268 ]{.c6}         [ 7 ]{.c6}         
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------- -------------------- ------------------- ---------------- ----------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ ----------------- ----------------- ---------------- -------------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ --------------------- ------------------ ----------------- --------------------- ------------------- ----------------- -------------------- ------------------ ------------------

[]{#t.5cb5b8ff3d785b4ce5e8dad21dd1986e93c9fee2} []{#t.23}

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------- -------------------- ------------------- ---------------- ----------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ ----------------- ----------------- ---------------- -------------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ --------------------- ------------------ ----------------- --------------------- ------------ ----------------- -------------------- ------------------ ------------------
  [ TIUC Terms of Service and Rules Content Removal ]{.c22} [ Complaint ]{.c22} [ Overturns ]{.c22}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
  [ Enforcement ]{.c6}                                                                                Policy                        [ Bulgarian ]{.c6}   [ Croatian ]{.c6}   [ Czech ]{.c6}   [ Danish ]{.c6}   [ Dutch ]{.c6}   [ English ]{.c6}   [ Finnish ]{.c6}   [ French ]{.c6}   [ German ]{.c6}   [ Greek ]{.c6}   [ Hungarian ]{.c6}   [ Irish ]{.c6}   [ Italian ]{.c6}   [ Latvian ]{.c6}   [ Lithuanian ]{.c6}   [ Maltese ]{.c6}   [ Polish ]{.c6}   [ Portuguese ]{.c6}   Romanian     [ Slovak ]{.c6}   [ Slovenian ]{.c6}   [ Spanish ]{.c6}   [ Swedish ]{.c6}
  [ Automated Means ]{.c6}                                                                            [ Abuse & harassment ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
  [ Counterfeit ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
  [ Hateful Conduct ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  [ Illegal or certain regulated goods and services ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  [ Non-Consensual Nudity ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
  [ Other ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
  [ Perpetrators of Violent Attacks ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                      [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  [ Private information & media ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                          [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  [ Sensitive Media ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  [ Suicide & Self Harm ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
  [ Violent Speech ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                    [ 1 ]{.c6}                         [ 64 ]{.c6}                         [ 19 ]{.c6}        [ 4 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       [ 18 ]{.c6}          [ 1 ]{.c6}         
  [ Manual Closure ]{.c6}                                                                             [ Abuse & harassment ]{.c6}                                                                                                [ 8 ]{.c6}                            [ 4 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            [ 3 ]{.c6}         
  [ Child Sexual Exploitation ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
  [ Counterfeit ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
  [ Deceased Individuals ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
  [ Hateful Conduct ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                      [ 1 ]{.c6}                          [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
  [ Illegal or certain regulated goods and services ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  [ Misleading & deceptive identities ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  [ Non-Consensual Nudity ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                    [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          [ 5 ]{.c6}                              
  [ Other ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
  [ Perpetrators of Violent Attacks ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                      [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  [ Private information & media ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                          [ 3 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                       [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                             [ 3 ]{.c6}                              
  [ Restricted Reach Labels ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
  [ Sensitive Media ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                      [ 14 ]{.c6}                         [ 4 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                [ 2 ]{.c6}                                                                                  [ 1 ]{.c6}         
  [ Suicide & Self Harm ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                  [ 3 ]{.c6}                          [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
  [ Synthetic & Manipulated Media ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
  [ Violent & Hateful Entities ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
  [ Violent Speech ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                    [ 1 ]{.c6}                         [ 75 ]{.c6}                         [ 25 ]{.c6}        [ 10 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      [ 20 ]{.c6}          [ 1 ]{.c6}         
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------- -------------------- ------------------- ---------------- ----------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ ----------------- ----------------- ---------------- -------------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ --------------------- ------------------ ----------------- --------------------- ------------ ----------------- -------------------- ------------------ ------------------

[]{#t.61c5715cec46b91be436ea6be74ed1a9c0451065} []{#t.24}

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ----------------------------- -------------------- ------------------- ---------------- ----------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ ----------------- ----------------- ---------------- -------------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ --------------------- ------------------ --------------------- --------------------- ------------------- ----------------- -------------------- ------------------ ------------------
  [ TIUC Terms of Service and Rules Content Removal ]{.c22} [ Complaint Rate ]{.c22}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
  [ Enforcement ]{.c6}                                                                 Policy                        [ Bulgarian ]{.c6}   [ Croatian ]{.c6}   [ Czech ]{.c6}   [ Danish ]{.c6}   [ Dutch ]{.c6}   [ English ]{.c6}   [ Finnish ]{.c6}   [ French ]{.c6}   [ German ]{.c6}   [ Greek ]{.c6}   [ Hungarian ]{.c6}   [ Irish ]{.c6}   [ Italian ]{.c6}   [ Latvian ]{.c6}   [ Lithuanian ]{.c6}   [ Maltese ]{.c6}   [ Polish ]{.c6}       [ Portuguese ]{.c6}   [ Romanian ]{.c6}   [ Slovak ]{.c6}   [ Slovenian ]{.c6}   [ Spanish ]{.c6}   [ Swedish ]{.c6}
  [ Automated Means ]{.c6}                                                             [ Abuse & harassment ]{.c6}                                            [ 0% ]{.c6}      [ 100% ]{.c6}     [ 0% ]{.c6}      [ 24% ]{.c6}                          [ 13% ]{.c6}      [ 0% ]{.c6}       [ 0% ]{.c6}                                            [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                    [ 0% ]{.c6}           [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                      [ 40% ]{.c6}       
  [ Counterfeit ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  [ Hateful Conduct ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                       [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                      [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                                                               
  [ Illegal or certain regulated goods and services ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                        [ 0% ]{.c6}        [ 0% ]{.c6}        [ 0% ]{.c6}                         [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                                                                           [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                                            [ 0% ]{.c6}        
  [ Non-Consensual Nudity ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                 [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                      [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                                                               
  [ Other ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                 [ 0% ]{.c6}                         [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
  [ Perpetrators of Violent Attacks ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                       [ 50% ]{.c6}                                           [ 100% ]{.c6}                                                             [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                            [ 0% ]{.c6}        
  [ Private information & media ]{.c6}                                                                                                    [ 0% ]{.c6}                                            [ 50% ]{.c6}                                                                                                                     [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                               
  [ Sensitive Media ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                       [ 0% ]{.c6}                         [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
  [ Suicide & Self Harm ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                   [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
  [ Violent Speech ]{.c6}                                                              [ 7% ]{.c6}                   [ 8% ]{.c6}          [ 9% ]{.c6}         [ 5% ]{.c6}      [ 3% ]{.c6}       [ 5% ]{.c6}      [ 4% ]{.c6}        [ 6% ]{.c6}        [ 6% ]{.c6}       [ 0% ]{.c6}       [ 4% ]{.c6}                           [ 2% ]{.c6}      [ 17% ]{.c6}                                                [ 2% ]{.c6}        [ 4% ]{.c6}           [ 0% ]{.c6}           [ 0% ]{.c6}                           [ 7% ]{.c6}          [ 2% ]{.c6}        
  [ Manual Closure ]{.c6}                                                              [ Abuse & harassment ]{.c6}   [ 0% ]{.c6}          [ 0% ]{.c6}         [ 2% ]{.c6}      [ 7% ]{.c6}       [ 7% ]{.c6}      [ 2% ]{.c6}        [ 0% ]{.c6}        [ 6% ]{.c6}       [ 11% ]{.c6}      [ 4% ]{.c6}      [ 0% ]{.c6}                           [ 5% ]{.c6}                                                                    [ 4% ]{.c6}           [ 6% ]{.c6}           [ 0% ]{.c6}         [ 0% ]{.c6}                            [ 13% ]{.c6}       [ 0% ]{.c6}
  [ Child Sexual Exploitation ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                           [ 0% ]{.c6}       [ 0% ]{.c6}                         [ 0% ]{.c6}        [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                               [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                  [ 0% ]{.c6}                              [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                 [ 0% ]{.c6}                             
  [ Counterfeit ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                           [ 0% ]{.c6}                         [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    [ 0% ]{.c6}                             
  [ Deceased Individuals ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                  [ 3% ]{.c6}                         [ 0% ]{.c6}        [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                               [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                  [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                                          [ 0% ]{.c6}                             
  [ Hateful Conduct ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                     [ 0% ]{.c6}       [ 5% ]{.c6}      [ 0% ]{.c6}        [ 13% ]{.c6}       [ 20% ]{.c6}                        [ 0% ]{.c6}                           [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                  [ 0% ]{.c6}        [ 0% ]{.c6}                                 [ 0% ]{.c6}                           [ 0% ]{.c6}          [ 0% ]{.c6}        
  [ Illegal or certain regulated goods and services ]{.c6}                                                                                [ 0% ]{.c6}                          [ 0% ]{.c6}       [ 0% ]{.c6}                         [ 0% ]{.c6}        [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                               [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                       [ 0% ]{.c6}                             
  [ Misleading & deceptive identities ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
  [ Non-Consensual Nudity ]{.c6}                                                       [ 0% ]{.c6}                                        [ 0% ]{.c6}                          [ 0% ]{.c6}       [ 2% ]{.c6}                         [ 4% ]{.c6}        [ 7% ]{.c6}       [ 0% ]{.c6}       [ 0% ]{.c6}                           [ 29% ]{.c6}                                                                 [ 11% ]{.c6}       [ 0% ]{.c6}           [ 0% ]{.c6}           [ 0% ]{.c6}                           [ 16% ]{.c6}         [ 0% ]{.c6}        
  [ Other ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                 [ 0% ]{.c6}                         [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
  [ Perpetrators of Violent Attacks ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                     [ 0% ]{.c6}       [ 20% ]{.c6}                        [ 0% ]{.c6}        [ 100% ]{.c6}                                                             [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                       [ 100% ]{.c6}        [ 0% ]{.c6}        
  [ Private information & media ]{.c6}                                                                               [ 0% ]{.c6}          [ 0% ]{.c6}         [ 0% ]{.c6}      [ 33% ]{.c6}      [ 6% ]{.c6}                         [ 5% ]{.c6}        [ 15% ]{.c6}                        [ 100% ]{.c6}                         [ 18% ]{.c6}                                                                 [ 0% ]{.c6}        1 00 [ % ]{.c6}                                                                   [ 20% ]{.c6}         [ 100% ]{.c6}      
  [ Restricted Reach Labels ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                               [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
  [ Sensitive Media ]{.c6}                                                             [ 0% ]{.c6}                   [ 0% ]{.c6}          [ 0% ]{.c6}         [ 6% ]{.c6}      [ 3% ]{.c6}       [ 5% ]{.c6}      [ 0% ]{.c6}        [ 6% ]{.c6}        [ 5% ]{.c6}       [ 0% ]{.c6}       [ 0% ]{.c6}                           [ 2% ]{.c6}                                                                  [ 2% ]{.c6}        [ 7% ]{.c6}           [ 0% ]{.c6}           [ 0% ]{.c6}                           [ 8% ]{.c6}          [ 1% ]{.c6}        
  [ Suicide & Self Harm ]{.c6}                                                         [ 0% ]{.c6}                   [ 0% ]{.c6}          [ 0% ]{.c6}         [ 0% ]{.c6}      [ 0% ]{.c6}       [ 5% ]{.c6}      [ 15% ]{.c6}       [ 12% ]{.c6}       [ 6% ]{.c6}       [ 0% ]{.c6}       [ 0% ]{.c6}                           [ 4% ]{.c6}                                                                  [ 2% ]{.c6}        [ 4% ]{.c6}           [ 0% ]{.c6}           [ 0% ]{.c6}                           [ 7% ]{.c6}          [ 0% ]{.c6}        
  [ Synthetic & Manipulated Media ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                         [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
  [ Violent & Hateful Entities ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                   [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
  [ Violent Speech ]{.c6}                                                              [ 13% ]{.c6}                  [ 5% ]{.c6}          [ 7% ]{.c6}         [ 5% ]{.c6}      [ 5% ]{.c6}       [ 6% ]{.c6}      [ 5% ]{.c6}        [ 6% ]{.c6}        [ 9% ]{.c6}       [ 1% ]{.c6}       [ 1% ]{.c6}                           [ 2% ]{.c6}      [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                 [ 3% ]{.c6}        [ 6% ]{.c6}           [ 0% ]{.c6}           [ 0% ]{.c6}                           [ 7% ]{.c6}          [ 3% ]{.c6}        
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ----------------------------- -------------------- ------------------- ---------------- ----------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ ----------------- ----------------- ---------------- -------------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ --------------------- ------------------ --------------------- --------------------- ------------------- ----------------- -------------------- ------------------ ------------------

[]{#t.4dc99b2ab6ec0bee949a51f3ccc0df489780898f} []{#t.25}

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------- -------------------- ------------------- ---------------- ----------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ ----------------- ----------------- ---------------- -------------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ --------------------- ------------------ ----------------- --------------------- ------------------- ----------------- -------------------- ------------------ ------------------
  [ TIUC Terms of Service and Rules Content Removal ]{.c22} [ Complaint Overturn Rate ]{.c22}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  [ Enforcement ]{.c6}                                                                          Policy                        [ Bulgarian ]{.c6}   [ Croatian ]{.c6}   [ Czech ]{.c6}   [ Danish ]{.c6}   [ Dutch ]{.c6}   [ English ]{.c6}   [ Finnish ]{.c6}   [ French ]{.c6}   [ German ]{.c6}   [ Greek ]{.c6}   [ Hungarian ]{.c6}   [ Irish ]{.c6}   [ Italian ]{.c6}   [ Latvian ]{.c6}   [ Lithuanian ]{.c6}   [ Maltese ]{.c6}   [ Polish ]{.c6}   [ Portuguese ]{.c6}   [ Romanian ]{.c6}   [ Slovak ]{.c6}   [ Slovenian ]{.c6}   [ Spanish ]{.c6}   [ Swedish ]{.c6}
  [ Automated Means ]{.c6}                                                                      [ Abuse & harassment ]{.c2}                                                             [ 0% ]{.c6}                        [ 0% ]{.c6}                           [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  [ 0% ]{.c6}        
  [ Counterfeit ]{.c2}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
  [ Hateful Conduct ]{.c2}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
  [ Illegal or certain regulated goods and services ]{.c2}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
  [ Non-Consensual Nudity ]{.c2}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
  [ Other ]{.c2}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
  [ Perpetrators of Violent Attacks ]{.c2}                                                                                                                                                                [ 50% ]{.c6}                                           [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
  [ Private information & media ]{.c2}                                                                                                                                                                    [ 50% ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
  [ Sensitive Media ]{.c2}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
  [ Suicide & Self Harm ]{.c2}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
  [ Violent Speech ]{.c2}                                                                       [ 0% ]{.c6}                   [ 0% ]{.c6}          [ 0% ]{.c6}         [ 25% ]{.c6}     [ 0% ]{.c6}       [ 10% ]{.c6}     [ 0% ]{.c6}        [ 7% ]{.c6}        [ 9% ]{.c6}                         [ 0% ]{.c6}                           [ 0% ]{.c6}      [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                 [ 0% ]{.c6}        [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                   [ 7% ]{.c6}          [ 25% ]{.c6}       
  [ Manual Closure ]{.c6}                                                                       [ Abuse & harassment ]{.c2}                                            [ 0% ]{.c6}      [ 0% ]{.c6}       [ 0% ]{.c6}      [ 3% ]{.c6}                           [ 6% ]{.c6}       [ 0% ]{.c6}       [ 0% ]{.c6}                                            [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                    [ 0% ]{.c6}       [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                      [ 3% ]{.c6}        
  [ Child Sexual Exploitation ]{.c2}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
  [ Counterfeit ]{.c2}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
  [ Deceased Individuals ]{.c2}                                                                                                                                                                           [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
  [ Hateful Conduct ]{.c2}                                                                                                                                                                                [ 13% ]{.c6}                        [ 7% ]{.c6}        [ 33% ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
  [ Illegal or certain regulated goods and services ]{.c2}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
  [ Misleading & deceptive identities ]{.c2}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
  [ Non-Consensual Nudity ]{.c2}                                                                                                                                                                          [ 0% ]{.c6}                         [ 50% ]{.c6}       [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                               [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                  [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                                      [ 29% ]{.c6}                            
  [ Other ]{.c2}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
  [ Perpetrators of Violent Attacks ]{.c2}                                                                                                                                                                [ 50% ]{.c6}                                           [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             [ 0% ]{.c6}                             
  [ Private information & media ]{.c2}                                                                                                                                                  [ 0% ]{.c6}       [ 23% ]{.c6}                        [ 0% ]{.c6}        [ 0% ]{.c6}                         [ 0% ]{.c6}                           [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                                     [ 50% ]{.c6}                                                                  [ 43% ]{.c6}         [ 0% ]{.c6}        
  [ Restricted Reach Labels ]{.c2}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
  [ Sensitive Media ]{.c2}                                                                                                                                             [ 0% ]{.c6}      [ 0% ]{.c6}       [ 5% ]{.c6}                         [ 5% ]{.c6}        [ 5% ]{.c6}                                                               [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                  [ 0% ]{.c6}        [ 33% ]{.c6}                                                                  [ 0% ]{.c6}          [ 50% ]{.c6}       
  [ Suicide & Self Harm ]{.c2}                                                                                                                                                                            [ 6% ]{.c6}      [ 0% ]{.c6}        [ 6% ]{.c6}        [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                               [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                  [ 0% ]{.c6}        [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                   [ 0% ]{.c6}                             
  [ Synthetic & Manipulated Media ]{.c2}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
  [ Violent & Hateful Entities ]{.c2}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
  [ Violent Speech ]{.c2}                                                                       [ 0% ]{.c6}                   [ 0% ]{.c6}          [ 0% ]{.c6}         [ 20% ]{.c6}     [ 0% ]{.c6}       [ 9% ]{.c6}      [ 0% ]{.c6}        [ 8% ]{.c6}        [ 9% ]{.c6}       [ 0% ]{.c6}       [ 0% ]{.c6}                           [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                  [ 0% ]{.c6}        [ 0% ]{.c6}                                                                   [ 7% ]{.c6}          [ 14% ]{.c6}       
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------- -------------------- ------------------- ---------------- ----------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ ----------------- ----------------- ---------------- -------------------- ---------------- ------------------ ------------------ --------------------- ------------------ ----------------- --------------------- ------------------- ----------------- -------------------- ------------------ ------------------

[ Important Notes: ]{.c6}

1.  [ The tables in the section INDICATORS OF ACCURACY FOR CONTENT
    REMOVAL were updated on 13 November 2023 to replace an undefined
    description \"reported content\" with the relevant enforcement
    method \"manual closure\". ]{.c6}

[ INDICATORS OF ACCURACY FOR SUSPENSIONS ]{.c116 .c115}

[]{#t.a51f0313ab07d6a9a547f3dda9ca016987188969} []{#t.26}
[]{#t.befe2f0bace0d9e962fb104d0a32f09ecf3b3307} []{#t.27}
[]{#t.7177b42c9806de4f5990fb0906672065207ab805} []{#t.28}
[]{#t.5e0e74dc8fbaa55af7b94a5f6e34e18b33653fd6} []{#t.29}

Important Notes about indicators of accuracy:

1.  [ For some official languages we did not collect data, such as
    Maltese, or very little data, including Irish, Lithuanian, and
    Slovenian. ]{.c6}
2.  [ The underlying volume of appeals and overturns for the
    enforcements shown may be low, which can result in relatively high
    overturn rates. ]{.c6}
3.  [ Overturn rates are calculated by dividing the number of overturned
    enforcements by the number of enforcement appeals. ]{.c6}
4.   F [ or suspensions, appeals, and overturns used, we used the
    following measurement approach: ]{.c6}

-   [ Within the time window ]{.c6}
-   [ Review last suspension per user ]{.c6}
-   [ Assign appeal on/after that date to that suspension ]{.c6}
-    Log outcome of that appeal

1.   The tables in the section INDICATORS OF ACCURACY FOR SUSPENSIONS
    have been updated on 1 November 2023 following updates to the tables
    COMPLAINTS OF ACTIONS TAKEN FOR TIUC TERMS OF SERVICE AND RULES
    VIOLATIONS RECEIVED/DECISIONS.

##  {#h.4rjk0tmeqc1q .c180 .c13}

Further Information on Suspensions

During the applicable reporting period (Aug 28 to Oct 20), there were
zero actions taken for: provision of manifestly unfounded reports or
complaints; or manifestly illegal content. While manifestly illegal
content is not a category that we have taken action on during the
reporting period, we suspended 60,377 accounts for violating our Child
Sexual Exploitation policy and 2,878 for violating our Violent and
Hateful Entity policy.

##  {#h.1p16yipwr0k4 .c180 .c13}

Disputes submitted to out-of-court dispute settlement bodies.

[ To date, zero disputes have been submitted to the out-of-court
settlement bodies. ]{.c6}

##  {#h.4pk7yhqecvc6 .c13 .c317}

Reports

received by trusted flaggers.

To date, we have received zero reports from Article 22 DSA approved
trusted flaggers. Once Article 22 DSA awarded trusted flaggers
information is published, we are prepared to enrol them in our trusted
flaggers program, which ensures prioritisation of human review.

##  {#h.qxgu4y3de468 .c180 .c13}

Human resources dedicated to Content Moderation

Today, we have 2,294 people working in content moderation. Our teams
work on both initial reports as well as on complaints of initial
decisions across the world (and are not specifically designated to only
work on EU matters).

###  {#h.buj4b9z80z7n .c401 .c13}

Linguistics Expertise of our Content Moderation Team

X's scaled operations team possesses a variety of skills, experiences,
and tools that allow them to effectively review and take action on
reports across all of our rules and policies. X has analysed which
languages are most common  in reports reviewed by our content moderators
and has hired content moderation specialists who have professional
proficiency in the commonly spoken languages. The following table is a
summary of the the number of people in our content moderation team who
possess professional proficiency in the most commonly spoken languages
in the EU on our platform:

[]{#t.1e6b4a56dab0d68a5e550f4d9e07568f21697de8} []{#t.30}

  ---------------------------- ------------------------
  [ Primary Language ]{.c22}   [ People ]{.c239 .c22}
  Arabic                       [ 12 ]{.c6}
  [ Bulgarian ]{.c6}           [ 2 ]{.c6}
  [ Croatian ]{.c6}            [ 1 ]{.c6}
  [ Dutch ]{.c6}               [ 1 ]{.c6}
  [ English ]{.c6}             [ 2,294 ]{.c6}
  [ French ]{.c6}              [ 52 ]{.c6}
  [ German ]{.c6}              [ 81 ]{.c6}
  [ Hebrew ]{.c6}              [ 2 ]{.c6}
  [ Italian ]{.c6}             [ 2 ]{.c6}
  [ Latvian ]{.c6}             [ 1 ]{.c6}
  [ Polish ]{.c6}              [ 1 ]{.c6}
  [ Portuguese ]{.c6}          [ 41 ]{.c6}
  [ Spanish ]{.c6}             [ 20 ]{.c6}
  ---------------------------- ------------------------

###  {#h.gb9xe5aic3qi .c13 .c401}

Qualifications of our Content Moderation Team

[]{#t.b26bf8f7cb9a45270467572a23003aaa1f0afbe4} []{#t.31}

[ Content Moderation Team Qualifications ]{.c22 .c239}

[ Years in Current Role ]{.c6}

[ Headcount ]{.c6}

[ 7 or more ]{.c6}

[ 48 ]{.c6}

[ 6 to 7 ]{.c6}

[ 51 ]{.c6}

[ 5 to 6 ]{.c6}

[ 131 ]{.c6}

[ 4 to 5 ]{.c6}

[ 264 ]{.c6}

[ 3 to 4 ]{.c6}

[ 326 ]{.c6}

[ 2 to 3 ]{.c6}

[ 443 ]{.c6}

[ 1 to 2 ]{.c6}

[ 638 ]{.c6}

[ 0 to 1 ]{.c6}

[ 393 ]{.c6}

###  {#h.ggoir9lwejd7 .c195 .c13}

Organisation

, Team Resources, Expertise, Training and Support of our Team that
Reviews and Responds to Reports of Illegal Content

[ Description of the team ]{.c116 .c115}

X has built a specialised team made up of individuals who have received
specific training in order to assess and take action on illegal content
that we become aware of via reports or other processes such as on our
own initiative. This team consists of different tier groups, with higher
tiers consisting of more senior, or more specialised, individuals.

When handling a report of illegal content or a complaint against a
previous decision, content and senior content reviewers first assess the
content under X's Rules and policies. If no violation of X's Rules and
policies is determined warranting a global removal of the content, the
content reviewers assess the content for potential illegality. If the
content is not manifestly illegal, it can be escalated for second or
third opinions. If more detailed investigation is required, content
reviewers can escalate reports to experienced policy and/or legal
request specialists who have also undergone in-depth training. These
individuals take appropriate action after carefully reviewing the report
or complaint and available context in close detail. In cases where this
specialist team still cannot determine a decision regarding the
potential illegality of the reported content, the report can be
discussed with in-house legal counsel. Everyone involved in this process
works closely together with daily exchanges through meetings and other
channels to ensure the timely and accurate handling of reports.

[ Furthermore, all teams involved in solving these reports closely
collaborate with a variety of other policy  teams at X who focus on
safety, privacy, authenticity rules and policies. This cross-team effort
is particularly important in the aftermath of tragic events, such as
violent attacks, to ensure alignment and swift action on violative
content. ]{.c6}

[ Content reviewers are supported by team leads, subject matter experts,
quality auditors and trainers. We hire people with diverse backgrounds
in fields such as law, political science, psychology, communications,
sociology and cultural studies, and languages. ]{.c6}

[ Training and support of persons processing legal requests ]{.c116
.c115}

All team members, i.e. all employees hired by X as well as vendor
partners working on these reports, are trained and retrained regularly
on our tools, processes, rules and policies, including special sessions
on cultural and historical context. Initially when joining the team at
X, each individual follows an onboarding program and receives individual
mentoring during this period, as well as thereafter through our Quality
Assurance program (for external employees), in house and external
counsels (for internal employees) . [ ]{.c6}

[ All team members have direct access to robust training and workflow
documentation for the entirety of their employment, and are able to seek
guidance at any time from trainers, leads, and internal specialist legal
and policy teams as outlined above as well as managerial support. ]{.c6}

[ Updates about significant current events or rules and policy changes
are shared with all content reviewers in real time, to give guidance and
facilitate balanced and informed decision making. In the case of rules
and policy changes, all training materials and related documentation is
updated. Calibration sessions are carried out frequently during the
reporting period. These sessions aim to increase collective
understanding and focus on the needs of the content reviewers in their
day-to-day work. ]{.c6}

[ The entire team also participates in obligatory X rules and policies
refresher training as the need arises or whenever rules and policies are
updated. These trainings are delivered by the relevant policy
specialists who were directly involved in the development of the rules
and policy change. For these sessions we also employ the "train the
trainer" method to ensure timely training delivery to the whole team
across all of the shifts. All team members use the same training
materials to ensure consistency. ]{.c6}

[ Quality Assurance (QA) is a critical measure to the business to help
ensure that we are delivering a consistent service at the desired level
of quality to our key stakeholders, both externally and internally as it
pertains to our case work. We have a dedicated QA Team within our vendor
team to help us identify areas of opportunity for training and potential
defect detection in our workflow or rules and policies. The QA
specialists perform quality assurance checks of reports to ensure that
content is actioned appropriately. ]{.c6}

[ The standards and procedures within the QA team ensure the team's QA
is assessed equally, objectively, efficiently and transparently. In case
of any mis-alignments, additional training is scheduled, to ensure the
team understands the issues and can handle reports accurately. ]{.c6}

In addition, given the nature and sensitivity of their work, the entire
team has access to online resources and regular onsite group and
individual sessions related to resilience and well-being. These are
provided by mental health professionals. Content reviewers also
participate in resilience, self-care, and vicarious trauma sessions as
part of our mandatory wellness plan during the reporting period.

###  {#h.aw1wdp9vd2w0 .c13 .c195}

Training and Support

provided to those Persons performing Content Moderation Activities

for our TIUC Terms of Service and Rules

[ Training is a critical component of how X maintains the health and
safety of the public conversation through enabling Trust and Safety
agents to accurately and efficiently moderate content posted on our
platform. Training at X aims to improve the agents' and X's policy
enforcement performance and quality scores by enhancing agents'
understanding and application of X rules through robust training and
quality programs and a continuous monitoring of quality scores. ]{.c6}

[ TRAINING PROCESS ]{.c115}

There is a robust training program and system in place for every
workflow to provide content moderators with the adequate work skills and
job knowledge required for processing user cases. All agents must be
trained in their assigned workflows. These focus areas ensure that X
agents are set up for success before and during the content moderation
lifecycle, which includes:

-   [ Training analysis/design focused on agent and learning needs;
    ]{.c6}
-   [ Classroom training with expert trainers; ]{.c6}
-   [ Nesting period to apply new skills; ]{.c6}
-   [ Cross-skilling opportunities; ]{.c6}
-   [ Upskilling opportunities; ]{.c6}
-   [ Refresher programs; ]{.c6}
-   [ New launch/update roll-outs process; and ]{.c6}
-   [ Remediation plans. ]{.c6}

[ TRAINING ANALYSIS & DESIGN ]{.c115}

Before commencing design work on any agent program or resource, a
rigorous learner analysis is conducted in close collaboration with
training specialists and quality analysts to identify performance gaps
and learning needs. Each program is designed with key stakeholder
engagement and alignment. The design objective is to adhere to visual
and learning design principles to maximise learning outcomes and ensure
that agents can perform their tasks with accuracy and efficiency. This
is achieved by making sure that the content is: [ ]{.c6}

1.  [ Easy to experience ]{.c6}
2.  [ Easy to understand ]{.c6}
3.  [ Easy to apply ]{.c6}

[ X's training programs and resources are designed based on needs, and a
variety of modalities are employed to diversify the agent learning
experience, including: ]{.c6}

-   [ Self-led learning: microlearning, scenario-based learning,
    e-learning modules, and gamification (where appropriate); ]{.c6}
-   [ Virtual live instructor-led trainings; ]{.c6}
-   [ Face-to-face classroom training; and ]{.c6}
-    Videos.

[ CLASSROOM TRAINING ]{.c116 .c115}

[ Classroom training is delivered either virtually or face-to-face by
expert trainers. Classroom training activities can include: ]{.c6}

-   [ Instructor-led policy training; ]{.c6}
-   [ Interactive e-learnings; ]{.c6}
-   [ Scenario-based learning sets; ]{.c6}
-   [ Shadowing sessions with seasoned agents; ]{.c6}
-   [ Guided casework sessions with trainers; and ]{.c6}
-   [ Knowledge checks, quizzes and assessments. ]{.c6}

[ NESTING (ON-THE-JOB TRAINING) ]{.c116 .c115}

When agents successfully complete their classroom training program, they
undergo a nesting period. The nesting phase includes case study by
observation, demonstration and hands-on training on live cases. Nesting
activities include agent shadowing, guided case work, Question and
Answer sessions with their trainer, coaching, feedback sessions, etc.
Quality audits are conducted for each nesting agent and agents must be
coached for any mis-action spotted in their quality scores the same day
that the case was reviewed. Trainers conduct needs assessment for each
nesting agent and prepare refresher training accordingly. [ After the
nesting period, content is evaluated on an ongoing basis with a team of
Quality Analysts to identify gaps and address potential problem areas.
There is a continuous feedback loop with quality analysts across the
different workflows to identify challenges and opportunities to improve
materials and address performance gaps. ]{.c6}

[ UP-SKILLING ]{.c115}

When an agent needs to be upskilled they receive training of a specific
workflow within the same pillar that the agent is currently working. The
training includes a classroom training phase and nesting phase which is
specified above.

[ REFRESHER SESSIONS ]{.c115}

Refresher sessions take place when an agent has previously been trained,
has access to all the necessary tools, but would need a review of some
ro all topics. This may happen for content moderators who have been on
prolonged leave, transferred temporarily to another content moderation
policy workflow, or ones who have recurring errors in the quality
scores. After a needs assessment, trainers are able to pinpoint what the
agent needs and prepare a session targeting their needs and gaps. [
]{.c6}

[ NEW LAUNCH / UPDATE ROLL-OUTS ]{.c116 .c115}

There are also processes that require new and/or specific product
training and certification. These new launches and updates are
identified by X and the knowledge is transferred to the agents.

[ REMEDIATION PLANS ]{.c115}

There are remediation plans in place to support agents who do not pass
the training or nesting phase, or are not meeting quality requirements.

###  {#h.pvbn57i32gf2 .c195 .c13}

Monthly Active Recipients

During the period from April 20th, 2023 through October 20th, 2023 there
were an average of 115.2M active recipients of the service (AMARS) in
the EU .

[]{#t.ee61108d1064f877de1c2e426e95ee73c9b5567e} []{#t.32}

  ---------------------- ---------------------------------- ----------------------------------- ------------------------------
                         [ Logged In Users ]{.c262 .c198}   [ Logged Out Users ]{.c262 .c198}   [ Total AMARs ]{.c262 .c198}
  [ Austria ]{.c2}       [ 753,735 ]{.c2}                   [ 999,100 ]{.c2}                    [ 1,752,835 ]{.c2}
  [ Belgium ]{.c2}       [ 1,597,896 ]{.c2}                 [ 1,799,541 ]{.c2}                  [ 3,397,437 ]{.c2}
  [ Bulgaria ]{.c2}      [ 450,528 ]{.c2}                   [ 321,878 ]{.c2}                    [ 772,406 ]{.c2}
  [ Cyprus ]{.c2}        [ 180,205 ]{.c2}                   [ 210,831 ]{.c2}                    [ 391,036 ]{.c2}
  [ Czechia ]{.c2}       [ 1,040,762 ]{.c2}                 [ 1,444,542 ]{.c2}                  [ 2,485,304 ]{.c2}
  [ Germany ]{.c2}       [ 8,940,624 ]{.c2}                 [ 7,408,877 ]{.c2}                  [ 16,349,501 ]{.c2}
  [ Denmark ]{.c2}       [ 769,813 ]{.c2}                   [ 613,974 ]{.c2}                    [ 1,383,787 ]{.c2}
  [ Estonia ]{.c2}       [ 161,490 ]{.c2}                   [ 184,943 ]{.c2}                    [ 346,433 ]{.c2}
  [ Spain ]{.c2}         [ 9,783,481 ]{.c2}                 [ 13,197,990 ]{.c2}                 [ 22,981,471 ]{.c2}
  [ Finland ]{.c2}       [ 896,337 ]{.c2}                   [ 1,250,770 ]{.c2}                  [ 2,147,107 ]{.c2}
  [ France ]{.c2}        [ 11,473,346 ]{.c2}                [ 10,459,939 ]{.c2}                 [ 21,933,285 ]{.c2}
  [ Greece ]{.c2}        [ 986,351 ]{.c2}                   [ 1,689,822 ]{.c2}                  [ 2,676,172 ]{.c2}
  [ Croatia ]{.c2}       [ 291,167 ]{.c2}                   [ 725,785 ]{.c2}                    [ 1,016,951 ]{.c2}
  [ Hungary ]{.c2}       [ 690,582 ]{.c2}                   [ 928,674 ]{.c2}                    [ 1,619,256 ]{.c2}
  [ Ireland ]{.c2}       [ 1,451,149 ]{.c2}                 [ 1,868,565 ]{.c2}                  [ 3,319,714 ]{.c2}
  [ Italy ]{.c2}         [ 5,128,290 ]{.c2}                 [ 4,017,433 ]{.c2}                  [ 9,145,723 ]{.c2}
  [ Lithuania ]{.c2}     [ 385,819 ]{.c2}                   [ 227,342 ]{.c2}                    [ 613,161 ]{.c2}
  [ Luxembourg ]{.c2}    [ 195,112 ]{.c2}                   [ 120,554 ]{.c2}                    [ 315,666 ]{.c2}
  [ Latvia ]{.c2}        [ 228,835 ]{.c2}                   [ 236,542 ]{.c2}                    [ 465,376 ]{.c2}
  [ Malta ]{.c2}         [ 83,311 ]{.c2}                    [ 67,049 ]{.c2}                     [ 150,360 ]{.c2}
  [ Netherlands ]{.c2}   [ 4,011,930 ]{.c2}                 [ 4,917,265 ]{.c2}                  [ 8,929,195 ]{.c2}
  [ Poland ]{.c2}        [ 6,447,687 ]{.c2}                 [ 7,489,627 ]{.c2}                  [ 13,937,314 ]{.c2}
  [ Portugal ]{.c2}      [ 1,634,243 ]{.c2}                 [ 1,401,741 ]{.c2}                  [ 3,035,984 ]{.c2}
  [ Romania ]{.c2}       [ 1,555,457 ]{.c2}                 [ 822,888 ]{.c2}                    [ 2,378,344 ]{.c2}
  [ Sweden ]{.c2}        [ 1,648,209 ]{.c2}                 [ 1,553,716 ]{.c2}                  [ 3,201,925 ]{.c2}
  [ Slovenia ]{.c2}      [ 198,566 ]{.c2}                   [ 499,247 ]{.c2}                    [ 697,813 ]{.c2}
  [ Slovakia ]{.c2}      [ 272,136 ]{.c2}                   [ 405,259 ]{.c2}                    [ 677,395 ]{.c2}
                         [ 61,257,062 ]{.c22 .c198}         [ 64,863,889 ]{.c22 .c198}          [ 126,120,951 ]{.c22 .c198}
  ---------------------- ---------------------------------- ----------------------------------- ------------------------------

Important Note: [ Due to technical issues, for this report we were
unable to provide the AMARS for each EU member state over the past six
months. Instead, we provided AMARS for each EU member state from
19 September 2023 until 27 October 2023. We have resolved the technical
issues for future transparency reports. ]{.c6}

The AMARS for the entire EU over the past six months is 115.2M. The
difference between the total AMARs for the EU and the cumulative total
AMARs for all EU member states is due to double counting of logged out
users accessing X from various EU countries within the relevant time
period.

[ - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Appendix - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ]{.c331}

[]{#t.d36cd0e7479f57f098b27b90e991f22a0208e0b1} []{#t.33}

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------- ------------------ ------------------ ------------------- ------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------------ ---------------- ----------------- -------------------- --------------------- ----------------- ---------------------- ----------------- ------------------- ------------------ ------------------- ------------------- ---------------- ------------------ -----------------------
  [ TIUC Terms of Service and Rules Content Removal Actions - Sep 5 to Sep 23 ]{.c22}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
  [ Enforcement Process ]{.c6}                                                          [ Policy ]{.c6}               [ Austria ]{.c6}   [ Belgium ]{.c6}   [ Bulgaria ]{.c6}   [ Croatia ]{.c6}   [ Cyprus ]{.c6}   [ Czechia ]{.c6}   [ Denmark ]{.c6}   [ Estonia ]{.c6}   [ Finland ]{.c6}   [ France ]{.c6}   [ Germany ]{.c6}   [ Greece ]{.c6}   [ Hungary ]{.c6}   [ Ireland ]{.c6}   [ Italy ]{.c6}   [ Latvia ]{.c6}   [ Lithuania ]{.c6}   [ Luxembourg ]{.c6}   [ Malta ]{.c6}    [ Netherlands ]{.c6}   [ Poland ]{.c6}   [ Portugal ]{.c6}   [ Romania ]{.c6}   [ Slovakia ]{.c6}   [ Slovenia ]{.c6}   [ Spain ]{.c6}   [ Sweden ]{.c6}    [ Grand Total ]{.c22}
  [ Automated Means ]{.c6}                                                              [ Abuse & Harassment ]{.c6}   [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 3 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}                                               [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}                            [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 11 ]{.c6}       [ 44 ]{.c6}        [ 1 ]{.c6}        [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 17 ]{.c6}                                             [ 1 ]{.c6}                              [ 13 ]{.c6}            [ 3 ]{.c6}        [ 2 ]{.c6}          [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}          [ 4 ]{.c6}          [ 67 ]{.c6}      [ 3 ]{.c6}         [ 182 ]{.c22}
  [ Hateful Conduct ]{.c6}                                                                                            [ 3 ]{.c6}                            [ 3 ]{.c6}                                               [ 2 ]{.c6}                            [ 10 ]{.c6}        [ 3 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}                                                                [ 3 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                                    [ 7 ]{.c6}                               [ 5 ]{.c6}                                               [ 10 ]{.c6}                             [ 18 ]{.c6}      [ 67 ]{.c22}       
  [ Non-Consensual Nudity ]{.c6}                                                                                                         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}                                               [ 5 ]{.c6}                                               [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}                           [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                            [ 2 ]{.c6}        [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                                                          [ 3 ]{.c6}          [ 1 ]{.c6}       [ 18 ]{.c22}       
  [ Other ]{.c6}                                                                                                      [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                           [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}                                             [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}                                                                                                         [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                                                          [ 2 ]{.c6}                           [ 12 ]{.c22}       
  [ Private Information & media ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 6 ]{.c6}                                                                [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                                                       [ 2 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                 [ 10 ]{.c22}       
  [ Sensitive Media ]{.c6}                                                              [ 41 ]{.c6}                   [ 103 ]{.c6}       [ 54 ]{.c6}        [ 25 ]{.c6}         [ 11 ]{.c6}        [ 68 ]{.c6}       [ 68 ]{.c6}        [ 6 ]{.c6}         [ 46 ]{.c6}        [ 1,002 ]{.c6}     [ 723 ]{.c6}      [ 82 ]{.c6}        [ 78 ]{.c6}       [ 61 ]{.c6}        [ 420 ]{.c6}       [ 11 ]{.c6}      [ 25 ]{.c6}       [ 11 ]{.c6}          [ 7 ]{.c6}            [ 268 ]{.c6}      [ 429 ]{.c6}           [ 113 ]{.c6}      [ 134 ]{.c6}        [ 25 ]{.c6}        [ 5 ]{.c6}          [ 632 ]{.c6}        [ 94 ]{.c6}      [ 4,542 ]{.c22}    
  [ Violent Speech ]{.c6}                                                               [ 114 ]{.c6}                  [ 286 ]{.c6}       [ 71 ]{.c6}        [ 64 ]{.c6}         [ 20 ]{.c6}        [ 116 ]{.c6}      [ 151 ]{.c6}       [ 32 ]{.c6}        [ 109 ]{.c6}       [ 3,326 ]{.c6}     [ 1,054 ]{.c6}    [ 114 ]{.c6}       [ 87 ]{.c6}       [ 311 ]{.c6}       [ 347 ]{.c6}       [ 20 ]{.c6}      [ 62 ]{.c6}       [ 21 ]{.c6}          [ 20 ]{.c6}           [ 632 ]{.c6}      [ 500 ]{.c6}           [ 261 ]{.c6}      [ 229 ]{.c6}        [ 43 ]{.c6}        [ 36 ]{.c6}         [ 2,351 ]{.c6}      [ 285 ]{.c6}     [ 10,662 ]{.c22}   
  [ Manual Review ]{.c6}                                                                [ Abuse & harassment ]{.c6}   [ 195 ]{.c6}       [ 124 ]{.c6}       [ 42 ]{.c6}         [ 26 ]{.c6}        [ 41 ]{.c6}       [ 169 ]{.c6}       [ 269 ]{.c6}       [ 4 ]{.c6}         [ 119 ]{.c6}       [ 2,169 ]{.c6}    [ 1,311 ]{.c6}     [ 65 ]{.c6}       [ 53 ]{.c6}        [ 115 ]{.c6}       [ 366 ]{.c6}     [ 365 ]{.c6}      [ 230 ]{.c6}         [ 14 ]{.c6}           [ 1 ]{.c6}        [ 1,621 ]{.c6}         [ 686 ]{.c6}      [ 165 ]{.c6}        [ 229 ]{.c6}       [ 7 ]{.c6}          [ 2 ]{.c6}          [ 1,379 ]{.c6}   [ 93 ]{.c6}        [ 9,860 ]{.c22}
  [ Child Sexual Exploitation ]{.c6}                                                                                  [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}                                               [ 2 ]{.c6}                                               [ 15 ]{.c6}        [ 6 ]{.c6}                                             [ 4 ]{.c6}         [ 16 ]{.c6}                         [ 1 ]{.c6}        [ 2 ]{.c6}                                 [ 8 ]{.c6}        [ 3 ]{.c6}                                                                                          [ 7 ]{.c6}          [ 1 ]{.c6}       [ 68 ]{.c22}       
  [ Counterfeit ]{.c6}                                                                                                [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                              [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 8 ]{.c6}                                             [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}                                                                    [ 11 ]{.c6}       [ 1 ]{.c6}                               [ 5 ]{.c6}                                                 [ 1 ]{.c6}                           [ 33 ]{.c22}       
  [ Deceased Individuals ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                    [ 2 ]{.c6}                                                                 [ 3 ]{.c6}         [ 2 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                      [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                   [ 1 ]{.c6}                               [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                                                      [ 10 ]{.c22}       
  [ Hateful Conduct ]{.c6}                                                              [ 17 ]{.c6}                   [ 42 ]{.c6}        [ 4 ]{.c6}         [ 6 ]{.c6}                             [ 14 ]{.c6}       [ 16 ]{.c6}        [ 3 ]{.c6}         [ 22 ]{.c6}        [ 678 ]{.c6}       [ 337 ]{.c6}      [ 16 ]{.c6}        [ 8 ]{.c6}        [ 34 ]{.c6}        [ 61 ]{.c6}        [ 6 ]{.c6}       [ 1 ]{.c6}        [ 1 ]{.c6}           [ 3 ]{.c6}            [ 126 ]{.c6}      [ 114 ]{.c6}           [ 23 ]{.c6}       [ 14 ]{.c6}         [ 3 ]{.c6}                             [ 131 ]{.c6}        [ 44 ]{.c6}      [ 1,724 ]{.c22}    
  [ Illegal or certain regulated goods and services ]{.c6}                              [ 24 ]{.c6}                   [ 32 ]{.c6}        [ 10 ]{.c6}        [ 1 ]{.c6}          [ 5 ]{.c6}         [ 55 ]{.c6}       [ 33 ]{.c6}                           [ 3 ]{.c6}         [ 414 ]{.c6}       [ 336 ]{.c6}      [ 4 ]{.c6}         [ 71 ]{.c6}       [ 29 ]{.c6}        [ 31 ]{.c6}        [ 282 ]{.c6}     [ 240 ]{.c6}      [ 2 ]{.c6}           [ 2 ]{.c6}            [ 344 ]{.c6}      [ 95 ]{.c6}            [ 29 ]{.c6}       [ 20 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}                             [ 130 ]{.c6}        [ 17 ]{.c6}      [ 2,210 ]{.c22}    
  [ Misleading & Deceptive Identities ]{.c6}                                                                          [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                                 [ 7 ]{.c6}         [ 8 ]{.c6}        [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}        [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 3 ]{.c6}                                                                                       [ 3 ]{.c6}        [ 3 ]{.c6}             [ 1 ]{.c6}        [ 3 ]{.c6}                                                 [ 1 ]{.c6}                           [ 37 ]{.c22}       
  [ Non-Consensual Nudity ]{.c6}                                                        [ 11 ]{.c6}                   [ 11 ]{.c6}        [ 9 ]{.c6}                             [ 9 ]{.c6}         [ 16 ]{.c6}       [ 8 ]{.c6}                            [ 12 ]{.c6}        [ 112 ]{.c6}       [ 192 ]{.c6}      [ 36 ]{.c6}        [ 23 ]{.c6}       [ 9 ]{.c6}         [ 45 ]{.c6}        [ 2 ]{.c6}       [ 16 ]{.c6}                            [ 2 ]{.c6}            [ 108 ]{.c6}      [ 90 ]{.c6}            [ 6 ]{.c6}        [ 63 ]{.c6}         [ 8 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}          [ 105 ]{.c6}        [ 6 ]{.c6}       [ 900 ]{.c22}      
  [ Perpetrators of Violent Attacks ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    [ 2 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                                [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  [ 4 ]{.c22}        
  [ Private information & media ]{.c6}                                                  [ 12 ]{.c6}                   [ 15 ]{.c6}        [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}          [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 4 ]{.c6}        [ 2 ]{.c6}                                               [ 118 ]{.c6}       [ 66 ]{.c6}       [ 10 ]{.c6}                          [ 8 ]{.c6}         [ 12 ]{.c6}        [ 1 ]{.c6}                                              [ 1 ]{.c6}            [ 26 ]{.c6}       [ 17 ]{.c6}            [ 6 ]{.c6}        [ 12 ]{.c6}                                                [ 44 ]{.c6}         [ 5 ]{.c6}       [ 362 ]{.c22}      
  [ Sensitive Media ]{.c6}                                                              [ 53 ]{.c6}                   [ 180 ]{.c6}       [ 44 ]{.c6}        [ 33 ]{.c6}         [ 21 ]{.c6}        [ 145 ]{.c6}      [ 83 ]{.c6}        [ 20 ]{.c6}        [ 77 ]{.c6}        [ 1,226 ]{.c6}     [ 932 ]{.c6}      [ 108 ]{.c6}       [ 110 ]{.c6}      [ 87 ]{.c6}        [ 461 ]{.c6}       [ 21 ]{.c6}      [ 26 ]{.c6}       [ 18 ]{.c6}          [ 7 ]{.c6}            [ 472 ]{.c6}      [ 485 ]{.c6}           [ 176 ]{.c6}      [ 205 ]{.c6}        [ 30 ]{.c6}        [ 13 ]{.c6}         [ 795 ]{.c6}        [ 146 ]{.c6}     [ 5,974 ]{.c22}    
  [ Suicide & Self Harm ]{.c6}                                                          [ 7 ]{.c6}                    [ 13 ]{.c6}        [ 7 ]{.c6}         [ 5 ]{.c6}          [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 10 ]{.c6}       [ 11 ]{.c6}        [ 1 ]{.c6}         [ 10 ]{.c6}        [ 107 ]{.c6}       [ 96 ]{.c6}       [ 4 ]{.c6}                           [ 25 ]{.c6}        [ 41 ]{.c6}        [ 4 ]{.c6}       [ 2 ]{.c6}        [ 1 ]{.c6}           [ 2 ]{.c6}            [ 42 ]{.c6}       [ 294 ]{.c6}           [ 14 ]{.c6}       [ 17 ]{.c6}         [ 3 ]{.c6}         [ 1 ]{.c6}          [ 71 ]{.c6}         [ 20 ]{.c6}      [ 809 ]{.c22}      
  [ Violent & Hateful Entities ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                           [ 1 ]{.c6}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            [ 1 ]{.c6}       [ 2 ]{.c22}        
  [ Violent Speech ]{.c6}                                                               [ 53 ]{.c6}                   [ 47 ]{.c6}        [ 7 ]{.c6}         [ 9 ]{.c6}          [ 6 ]{.c6}         [ 49 ]{.c6}       [ 36 ]{.c6}        [ 7 ]{.c6}         [ 26 ]{.c6}        [ 774 ]{.c6}       [ 1,062 ]{.c6}    [ 30 ]{.c6}        [ 12 ]{.c6}       [ 68 ]{.c6}        [ 167 ]{.c6}       [ 4 ]{.c6}       [ 8 ]{.c6}        [ 5 ]{.c6}                                 [ 176 ]{.c6}      [ 703 ]{.c6}           [ 47 ]{.c6}       [ 33 ]{.c6}         [ 3 ]{.c6}         [ 6 ]{.c6}          [ 245 ]{.c6}        [ 67 ]{.c6}      [ 3,650 ]{.c22}    
  [ Grand Total ]{.c22}                                                                 [ 529 ]{.c22}                 [ 863 ]{.c22}      [ 254 ]{.c22}      [ 175 ]{.c22}       [ 116 ]{.c22}      [ 650 ]{.c22}     [ 688 ]{.c22}      [ 73 ]{.c22}       [ 436 ]{.c22}      [ 9,974 ]{.c22}    [ 6,189 ]{.c22}   [ 472 ]{.c22}      [ 445 ]{.c22}     [ 756 ]{.c22}      [ 1,995 ]{.c22}    [ 719 ]{.c22}    [ 611 ]{.c22}     [ 77 ]{.c22}         [ 45 ]{.c22}          [ 3,861 ]{.c22}   [ 3,427 ]{.c22}        [ 848 ]{.c22}     [ 967 ]{.c22}       [ 124 ]{.c22}      [ 78 ]{.c22}        [ 5,964 ]{.c22}     [ 801 ]{.c22}    [ 41,136 ]{.c22}   
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------- ------------------ ------------------ ------------------- ------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ----------------- ------------------ ------------------ ---------------- ----------------- -------------------- --------------------- ----------------- ---------------------- ----------------- ------------------- ------------------ ------------------- ------------------- ---------------- ------------------ -----------------------

[ Important Note: Due to a data extraction limitation that is currently
under review data ranging from Aug 28 to Sept 5 is not included above.
]{.c6}
