::: is-table-default
The Engagement API provides three distinct endpoints:

-   **[Totals](/content/developer-twitter/en/docs/metrics/get-tweet-engagement/api-reference/post-insights-engagement#Totals)** -
    provides grand totals of select metrics from owned \'owned\' or
    \'unowned\' Tweets. Some metrics are available for all Tweets, while
    others are only available for Tweets published in the last 90 days.
    Supports 250 Tweets per request.
-   **[28
    hour](/content/developer-twitter/en/docs/metrics/get-tweet-engagement/api-reference/post-insights-engagement#28hr)** -
    provides time-series Engagement metrics for 'owned' Tweets from the
    last 28 hours. Supports 25 Tweets per request.
-   **[Historical](/content/developer-twitter/en/docs/metrics/get-tweet-engagement/api-reference/post-insights-engagement#Historical)** -
    provides time-series Engagement metrics for up to four consecutive
    weeks for 'owned' Tweets posted since September 1, 2014. Supports 25
    Tweets per request.\

Each endpoint has its own unique characteristics. Whether you are
planning to use all three, or are trying to decide which one best
matches your use case, it's important to understand the differences
between them.

Below we introduce some key concepts, further explore the three
endpoints, and then present example use cases that map generally to a
specific endpoint. Our hope is that this information will help you more
efficiently integrate all three, or help you decide which single
endpoint best fits your mission.\

### Key concepts

There are several key concepts that help illustrate the different
features of, and data provided by, the three Engagement API endpoints.\

#### Impressions and engagement metrics

Impressions represent the number of times that a given Tweet has been
viewed on the Twitter platform in an organic context. Impressions
generated from Tweets that are seen in a Promoted or Paid context are
not included. Before the Engagement API, Tweet impressions represented
only a measure of potential views. It was based on counting followers of
the author's account and those of any account Retweeting the content. It
did not take into account the common situation when a given user does
not actually see the Tweet.

The impression metrics generated by the Engagement API is an actual
measure of the number of times a Tweet has been rendered for display. If
a follower of your account misses your Tweet, it does not count as an
impression.\

The Engagement API provides metrics on 14 unique engagement [metric
types](/en/docs/metrics/get-tweet-engagement/overview#EngagementTypes) ,
each representing a distinct action a user can take when presented a
Tweet. These include Retweeting, Liking, Replying, clicking on entities
like #hashtags, links and media, following the author, and viewing the
author's profile. All of these individual actions are rolled up into a
single Engagements metric.

#### Owned and unowned Twitter content

The Engagement makes a clear distinction between owned and unowned
Tweets. Owned Tweets are Tweets that are posted from your account, or
Tweets that you have obtained permission to request Engagement data for.
As with other Twitter APIs, you obtain permission by having other
Twitter users/accounts share access tokens that enable you to make API
requests on their behalf. A common way to obtain these tokens is with
the ['Sign in with Twitter'
process](/content/developer-twitter/en/docs/twitter-for-websites/log-in-with-twitter/login-in-with-twitter)
.\

The /totals endpoint provides engagement data for both owned and unowned
Tweets. For unowned Tweets, you can request engagement metrics that are
publicly available in a Tweet display: Favorite, Retweet, and Reply. For
these metrics, what the Engagement API brings to the table is the
ability to retrieve these metrics at scale in an automated way. For
owned Tweets, the /totals endpoint also provides Impression and (total)
Engagement metrics.\

The /28hr and /historical endpoints provide metrics for owned Tweets
only, meaning that you have to pass along user context when making the
request to these endpoints.

#### Total and time-series engagement Data

The /totals endpoint provides, as its name implies, only grand totals
for its engagement types. Its numbers represent the up-to-date totals
since the Tweet was posted. If a Tweet was just posted and you
repeatedly request its metrics, these totals will commonly change with
each request.\

The /28hr and /historical endpoints can provide both grand totals and
time-series data. When requesting time-series data, the engagement
metrics can be rolled up into daily or hourly data.\

See our documentation on [engagement
groupings](/content/developer-twitter/en/docs/metrics/get-tweet-engagement/guides/grouping-results)
for how to request time-series data with the /28hr and /historical
endpoints.

### Endpoints and example use cases

Given the characteristics and differences discussed above, each
individual endpoint generally maps to different types of use cases. To
help you decide which endpoint best serves your particular use case,
below are some example user statements and the endpoint that best
satisfies it.\

#### **/totals** 

-   I only need access to some metric types (Impressions, Engagements,
    Favorites, Retweets, Quote Tweets, Replies, and Video Views).
-   I need access to basic engagement data for any Tweet, not just owned
    Tweets.
-   I want to compare performance against a competitor.
-   I want to track basic engagement stats for a hashtag or campaign
    that includes Tweets that I don't own.
-   I don't need data broken out by day or hour, I just need the current
    total when I make a request.
-   I need a single metric to show in a report or dashboard and don't
    want to store any data.
-   I want to show data at page load time, and just need to make a
    request and get a response.
-   I need access to get data for hundreds of thousands or millions of
    Tweets per day.\

#### **/28hr**

-   I need access to all 17 metric types.
-   I want to show data for very recent Tweets posted in last 28 hours.
-   I have a job that runs once a day to get data that I care about and
    only need to get data for the last day.
-   I need to have metrics broken out by day or hour.
-   I want to show time-series breakouts of activity by hour in a
    dashboard.
-   I need high access for hundreds of thousands to Tweets per day
-   I have storage capabilities and can refresh data once per day and
    keep a running tally.\

#### **/historical**

-   I need access to all 17 metric types.
-   I need to get historical data for Tweets created all the way back to
    September 2014.
-   I want to show detailed historical analysis that compares campaigns.
-   I need to have metrics broken out by day or hour.
-   I don't need high access to the Engagement API and only need to get
    data for a few hundred or thousand Tweets per day.

## Next steps

-   Read through the [Engagement API\'s Overview
    page](/content/developer-twitter/en/docs/metrics/get-tweet-engagement/overview)
    for general information about the product.
-   Check out our \' [Getting
    started](/content/developer-twitter/en/docs/metrics/get-tweet-engagement/guides/dev-getting-started-engagement-api)
    \' guide for the Engagement API.
-   Learn more about some of the recent changes to the Engagement API
    [here](/content/developer-twitter/en/docs/metrics/get-tweet-engagement/guides/understanding-recent-changes-to-eapi-metrics)
    .\
-   Check out our [API
    references](/content/developer-twitter/en/docs/metrics/get-tweet-engagement/api-reference/post-insights-engagement)
    to learn more about how to programmatically access Tweet engagement
    metrics.
-   [Key
    Characteristics](/en/docs/metrics/get-tweet-engagement/guides/key-characteristics.html) -
    serves as a one-page developer's checklist of API features and
    details.
-   Explore our sample code:\
    -   [Example Ruby
        client](https://github.com/twitterdev/engagement-api-client-ruby)
        . This example Engagement API Client helps manage the process of
        generating engagement metadata for large Tweet collections. The
        client has a helper feature that can surface [\'Top
        Tweets.\'](https://github.com/twitterdev/engagement-api-client-ruby#top-tweets)
        As engagement metrics are retrieved, on a Tweet-by-Tweet basis,
        this client maintains a list of \'Top Tweets\' with the highest
        levels of engagement. For example, if you are processing 100,000
        Tweets, it can compile the top 10 for Retweets or any other
        available metric. The  repository includes an extensive README,
        which serves as an additional source of 'getting started'
        material and orientation for how the API works.
    -   [Example Python
        client](https://github.com/twitterdev/Gnip-Insights-Interface) .
        This example illustrates using OAuth with the Requests package.
        The client also has an aggregating function for the /historical
        endpoint that combines API results over an arbitrary time period
        longer than 28 days.
:::
