::: is-table-default
**Note:** You may observe differences between reported data on some of
the Twitter web dashboards, and the data reported in the Engagement API.
These differences occur because the web dashboards typically only show
engagements and/or impressions that occurred within the selected time
range. For example, a web dashboard may show engagement on Tweets within
the span of a calendar month, while the Engagement API may show
engagements that fall beyond the span of that month, but within the time
range requested. The Engagement API should be seen as the valid source,
in these cases.\

### Impressions and engagement data

The Engagement API delivers **organic** impressions and engagement data.

Impressions represent the number of times that a given Tweet has been
viewed on the Twitter platform in an organic context. Impressions
generated from Tweets that are seen in a Promoted or Paid context are
**not** included.

Engagements represent the number of times that a given Tweet was engaged
upon by a viewer in both an **organic** and **promoted** context.
Engagements include, but are not limited to, Retweets, Favorites,
Replies, URL Clicks, Hashtag Clicks, Mention Clicks, and Media Views.
For the full list of included engagement actions, please see the
Engagement Data section.

In order to calculate a baseline engagement rate, please use the total
number of engagements divided by the total number of impressions for a
given Tweet for the time period you are analyzing. \

Impression and engagement data can only be retrieved for Tweets from
owned \@handles, or \@handles that have authorized your application to
view details about their Tweets.  Internally, the Engagement API will
track the number of unique \@handles that have been requested against
the contracted \@handle limit.  It\'s recommended to also track the
\@handle request usage on the client side throughout the month.

### Video metrics

There are a couple of different metrics that represent impressions of
media within Twitter. The first of which is our video views metric,
which relies on the MRC standard of 50% of the video in view for at
least two seconds. The second is Media Views, that includes all views
(autoplay and click) of your media counted across videos, vines, gifs,
and images.

The video views metric is available for owned Tweets via the /28hour and
/historical endpoints, as well as for all unowned Tweets via the /totals
endpoint.

While the video views metric within the Twitter user interface is using
the same MRC standard, please note that you may see a discrepancy
between the video views metric displayed in the Twitter owned and
operated platforms (mobile app and website) and the number that you
receive via the different Engagement API endpoints.

-   The video views provided by the /totals endpoint and the Twitter
    user interface will display the video view aggregated across all
    Tweets in which the given video has been posted. That means that the
    metric delivered via /totals and displayed in the Twitter UI
    includes the combined views from any instance where the video has
    been Retweeted or reposted in separate Tweets.
-   The video views provided by the /28hour and /historical Engagement
    API endpoints will just include those views generated by the
    specific Tweet for which you are pulling metrics.\

Please note that we do not deliver video views for Tweets that are older
than 1800 days. Instead, we deliver an object that lists the Tweets that
are older than 1800 days. You will still receive all other metrics for
your requested Tweets in a separate object. Here is an example response:
:::
