::: main-content__wrapper
::: dtc09-callout-text
::: dtc09-callout-text
:::
:::

::: c01-rich-text-editor
::: is-table-default
[ Standard ]{.subscription-tag .subscription-tag--standard}

Every day many thousands of developers make requests to the Twitter API.
To help manage the sheer volume of these requests, limits are placed on
the number of requests that can be made. These limits help us provide
the reliable and scalable API that our developer community relies on.

The maximum number of requests that are allowed is based on a time
interval, some specified period or window of time. The most common
request limit interval is fifteen minutes. If an endpoint has a rate
limit of 900 requests/15-minutes, then up to 900 requests over any
15-minute interval is allowed.

Rate limits are applied based on which authentication method you are
using. For example, if you are using OAuth 1.0a User Context, you will
have one limit per time period for each set of users' access tokens,
while if you are using OAuth 2.0 Bearer Token, you will have a separate
limit per time period for requests made by your app. When these limits
are exceeded, an error is returned. Keep reading to learn more about
these details and tips on how to avoid being rate limited.

### Rate limits and authentication method

Rate limits are set at both the developer App and the user access token
levels:

-   [OAuth 2.0 Bearer Token](/en/docs/authentication/oauth-2-0) :
    per-developer App All Twitter API v1.1 endpoints accept this
    authentication method, and therefore will limit you to only make a
    certain number of requests to endpoints on behalf of your developer
    app. When using this authentication method, rate limits are
    determined by the number of requests you make using a Bearer Token.
    If an endpoint allows for 450 requests per rate limit window, then
    you can make 450 requests per window on behalf of your App by
    passing a Bearer Token. This limit is considered completely separate
    from the OAuth 1.0a User Context limit.
-   [OAuth 1.0a User Context](/en/docs/authentication/oauth-1-0a) :
    per-set of user access token\
    Tweet lookup and recent search allow for you to authenticate on
    behalf of a user. For example, if you would like to retrieve private
    metrics from Tweets, you would need to authenticate with the user
    tokens associated with that user, which can be generated by using
    the [3-legged OAuth
    flow](/en/docs/authentication/oauth-1-0a/obtaining-user-access-tokens)
    . If ten users have authorized your developer App, and up to 900
    requests per 15-minute interval can be made on behalf of each user,
    you should be able to make up to 9000 requests on behalf of these
    users. This limit is considered completely separate from
    per-application Bearer Token limits.\
:::
:::

::: dtc09-callout-text
::: dtc09-callout-text
::: dtc09__item
::: dtc09__text
::: c01-rich-text-editor
::: is-table-default
**Please note\
**

Users\' rate limits are shared across all apps that they have authorized
and the Twitter application. For example, if a specific user likes 20
Tweets on the Twitter mobile application and likes 20 Tweets on a
third-party application within a 24 hour period of time, the 40 requests
would pull out of the same per user rate limit bucket. That means that
if this endpoint has a user rate limit of 1,000 requests per 24 hours,
then this user would be able to like 960 more Tweets within that 24 hour
period of time across all Twitter and third-party apps.
:::
:::
:::
:::
:::
:::

::: c01-rich-text-editor
:::

::: dtc09-callout-text
::: dtc09-callout-text
::: dtc09__item
::: dtc09__text
::: c01-rich-text-editor
::: is-table-default
\
**Please note**

The 300 per 3 hours is with the POST statuses/update and POST
statuses/retweet/:id endpoints is a combined limit. You can only post
300 Tweets or Retweets during a 3 hour period.
:::
:::
:::
:::
:::
:::

::: c01-rich-text-editor
<div>

For example, if your Twitter app makes 200 requests to the POST
statuses/update endpoint within a three hour period, your app will only
be able to make 100 requests to the POST statuses/retweet/:id endpoint
during that period.

### GET endpoints

The standard API rate limits described in this table refer to GET (read)
endpoints. Note that endpoints not listed in the chart default to 15
requests per allotted user. All request windows are 15 minutes in
length.  These rate limits apply to the standard API endpoints only,
does not apply to premium APIs.

  ------------------------------------- ---------------------------- ---------------------------
  Endpoint                              Requests / window per user   Requests / window per app
  GET account/verify_credentials        75                           0
  GET application/rate_limit_status     180                          180
  GET favorites/list                    75                           75
  GET followers/ids                     15                           15
  GET followers/list                    15                           15
  GET friends/ids                       15                           15
  GET friends/list                      15                           15
  GET friendships/show                  180                          15
  GET geo/id/:place_id                  75                           0
  GET help/configuration                15                           15
  GET help/languages                    15                           15
  GET help/privacy                      15                           15
  GET help/tos                          15                           15
  GET lists/list                        15                           15
  GET lists/members                     900                          75
  GET lists/members/show                15                           15
  GET lists/memberships                 75                           75
  GET lists/ownerships                  15                           15
  GET lists/show                        75                           75
  GET lists/statuses                    900                          900
  GET lists/subscribers                 180                          15
  GET lists/subscribers/show            15                           15
  GET lists/subscriptions               15                           15
  GET search/tweets                     180                          450
  GET statuses/lookup                   900                          300
  GET statuses/mentions_timeline        75                           0
  GET statuses/retweeters/ids           75                           300
  GET statuses/retweets_of_me           75                           0
  GET statuses/retweets/:id             75                           300
  GET statuses/show/:id                 900                          900
  GET statuses/user_timeline            900                          1500
  GET trends/available                  75                           75
  GET trends/closest                    75                           75
  GET trends/place                      75                           75
  GET users/lookup                      900                          300
  GET users/search                      900                          0
  GET users/show                        900                          900
  GET users/suggestions                 15                           15
  GET users/suggestions/:slug           15                           15
  GET users/suggestions/:slug/members   15                           15
  ------------------------------------- ---------------------------- ---------------------------

</div>
:::
:::
