::: is-table-default
Our use cases, solutions, and product pages that are accessible from the
top navigation are a great way to get a high-level overview of what's
possible on the platform.

We have also built out several
[tutorials](/en/docs/twitter-api/tutorials) that help you identify how
to use one or many different platform tools to satisfy a variety of
different use cases.

At the lowest-level of our documentation lives our endpoint and tool
docs, which all include introductory content that provides a brief
overview of that tool's functionality and typical use case. For example,
here is our Twitter API v2 endpoint section for [Search
Tweets](/en/docs/twitter-api/tweets/search) .\

### Integrate an endpoint into your system

To make your integration with our endpoints seamless, we have built out
a set of tools, libraries, and integration guides. The easiest way to
integrate is to use our [tools and
libraries](/en/docs/twitter-api/tools-and-libraries) , which
automatically handle complex functionality such as [OAuth 1.0a User
Context authentication](/en/docs/authentication/oauth-1-0a) ,
pagination, and [rate limit handling](/en/docs/rate-limits) .

If you would rather build a solution from the ground up, our endpoint
integration guides describe the functionality and best practices around
integrating our endpoints into your system. These guides can be found in
the different endpoint and tool documentation, listed as 'integrate' or
simply 'guides'. For example, here is an integration guide on [how to
build a rule for the Filter
stream](/en/docs/twitter-api/tweets/filtered-stream/integrate/build-a-rule)
.\

### Troubleshoot an issue

If you are running into an error or have a question, please check out
our [support hub](/en/support/twitter-api) . There, you will find
troubleshooting tips, answers to frequently asked questions and other
useful resources.\

### Keep up-to-date with the latest releases

We frequently release updates to the platform to unlock new Twitter
functionality via the API. In addition to this, we aim to release at
least one new major version bump per year, which will include some
breaking changes.

To receive the latest updates, please make sure to subscribe to our
[forum's Announcements
category](https://twittercommunity.com/c/announcements/22) , follow
[\@TwitterAPI](https://twitter.com/twitterapi) and
[\@TwitterDev](https://twitter.com/twitterdev) on Twitter and turn on
notifications, and review our different resources via our [stay
informed](/en/stay-informed) page.

In addition to this, we have built out a new [migration
hub](/en/docs/twitter-api/migrate) to help guide you through the process
of updating to the latest version of the API.\
:::
