::: {.rich-text .rich-text-mode-standard .rich-text-align-center .rich-text__padding--none .rich-text__width--narrow}
[ \[4\] Court orders vary depending on the circumstances and the issuing
court and jurisdiction. Many of the court orders LinkedIn receives are
issued pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ยง 2703(d), a provision of the Electronic
Communications Privacy Act (ECPA). To obtain such an order, the
government must demonstrate specific and articulable facts showing that
there are reasonable grounds to believe that the information sought is
relevant and material to an ongoing investigation. This standard is
higher than that applicable to subpoenas but lower than that applicable
to search warrants. ]{.img-caption}

[ \[5\] The \"Other\" category includes requests that do not fall within
any of the above categories. Examples include emergency requests. As
indicated in footnote 1, the category does not include national
security-related requests.\
]{.img-caption}

[\
\[6\] In our Government Requests Reports prior to July 2019, we reported
on National Security Requests, which could include National Security
Letters and FISA requests. In the effort to provide more transparency to
our members, we now report NLSs and FISA requests separately. Because we
are required by law to delay the release of FISA data by 6 months,
reported FISA request metrics correspond to the previous reporting
period (for example, data for the July-December 2019 period is reported
in our January-June 2020 report). ]{.img-caption}
:::
