<div>

` targeting `

struct with keys: country, cities, regions, zips, genders,
college_networks, work_networks, age_min, age_max, education_statuses,
college_years, college_majors, political_views, relationship_statuses,
interests, keywords, interested_in, user_clusters, user_clusters2,
user_clusters3, user_adclusters, excluded_user_adclusters,
custom_audiences, excluded_custom_audiences, locales, radius,
connections, excluded_connections, friends_of_connections, countries,
excluded_user_clusters, adgroup_id, user_event, qrt_versions,
page_types, user_os, user_device, action_spec, action_spec_friend,
action_spec_excluded, geo_locations, excluded_geo_locations,
targeted_entities, conjunctive_user_adclusters, wireless_carrier,
site_category, work_positions, work_employers, education_majors,
education_schools, family_statuses, life_events, behaviors,
travel_status, industries, politics, markets, income, net_worth,
home_type, home_ownership, home_value, ethnic_affinity, generation,
household_composition, moms, office_type, interest_clusters_expansion,
dynamic_audience_ids, product_audience_specs,
excluded_product_audience_specs, exclusions, flexible_spec,
engagement_specs, excluded_engagement_specs

</div>

<div>

<div>

Object that limited the audience for this content. Anyone not in these
demographics will not be able to view this content. This will not
override any Page-level demographic restrictions that may be in place.

</div>

</div>
