::: is-table-default
Take a deeper dive into building PowerTrack rules using our [learning
path: How to detect signal from noise and build powerful filtering
rules](/en/docs/tutorials/building-powerful-enterprise-filters)

PowerTrack enhances the ability to filter Twitter's full firehose, and
only receive the data that they or their customers are interested in.
This is accomplished by applying PowerTrack filtering language to match
Tweets based on a wide variety of attributes, including user attributes,
geo-location, language, and many others. Using PowerTrack rules to
filter a data source ensures that customers receive all of the data, and
*only* the data they need for your app.

As described, customers add filtering rules to the PowerTrack stream to
determine which activities will be sent through the connection. The
PowerTrack stream can support thousands of these individual rules, and
deliver the combined set of matching activities through the single
stream connection.

The set of PowerTrack rules used to filter a customer's stream is highly
flexible. If a customer needs to add a new filtering rule to capture a
different type of content, or remove an existing rule, their app can
send a request to the PowerTrack API to make it happen. When that
request is sent, the filtering rules are automatically modified and the
changes simply take effect in the data stream with no need to reconnect.
This allows customers to provide data for many customers at scale, while
supporting distinct filtering requirements for each of those customers.

[See Complete List of Operators
Â»](/en/docs/twitter-api/enterprise/powertrack-api/guides/enterprise-operators.html)

#### Data

Data is delivered to the customer's app through a constant stream as it
is created. The realtime stream does not provide recent data -- rather,
it begins filtering for and delivering results based on the time a
filtering rule is added to the stream. If, in addition to realtime data,
your product also requires instant access to recent data, we recommend
using the [Search
API](/en/docs/twitter-api/enterprise/search-api/overview.html) .

Data is in Gzip compressed JSON format.

#### Matching Rules

When an activity is delivered through the PowerTrack stream, adds
metadata in the ["matching
rules"](/en/docs/twitter-api/enterprise/enrichments/overview/matching-rules)
portion of that activity to indicate which rule or rules caused that
specific activity to be delivered. If multiple rules match a single
activity, the activity is delivered a single time with each of the
matching rules included in this metadata. The matching rules provide an
easy way to associate a specific activity with specific rules and
customers in your product, even where you have many customers with lots
of distinct rules. Since the data is delivered through a single stream
in this manner, scaling up as your product gains additional customers is
simple.

#### Rule Tags 

At the time they are created, each filtering rule may be created with a
tag. Rule tags have no special meaning, they are simply treated as
opaque strings carried along with the rule. They will be included in the
"matching rules" metadata in activities returned. Tags provide an easy
way to create logical groupings of PowerTrack rules. For example, you
may generate a unique ID for a specific rule as its tag, and allow your
app to reference that ID within activities it processes to associate a
result with specific customers, campaigns, categories, or other related
groups.

Note that tags cannot be updated on an existing rule, but can only be
included when a rule is created. In order to "update" a tag, you need to
first remove the rule, then add it again with the updated tag. The best
solution is to simply use a unique identifier as your tag, which your
system can associate with various other data points within your own app,
all without having to change anything in the rule set.
:::
