::: is-table-default
This page contains information on several tools and critical concepts
that you should know as you integrate the manage Bookmarks endpoints
into your system. We've broken the page into a couple of different
sections:

### Helpful tools

Before we dive into some key concepts that will help you integrate this
endpoint, we recommend that you become familiar with:

#### Postman

Postman is a great tool that you can use to test out an endpoint. Each
Postman request includes every path and body parameter to help you
quickly understand what is available to you. To learn more about our
Postman collections, please visit our [\"Using
Postman\"](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/tools-and-libraries/using-postman)
page.

#### Code samples

Are you interested in getting set up with this endpoint with some code
in your preferred coding language? We've got a handful of different code
samples available that you can use as a starting point on our [Github
page](https://github.com/twitterdev/Twitter-API-v2-sample-code) .

#### Third-party libraries

Take advantage of one of our communities' [third-party
libraries](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/twitter-api/tools-and-libraries)
to help you get started. You can find a library that works with the v2
endpoints by looking for the proper version tag.

### Key concepts

#### Authentication

All Twitter API v2 endpoints require you to authenticate your requests
with a set of credentials, also known as keys and tokens.

These specific endpoints require the use of [OAuth 2.0 Authorization
Code Flow with
PKCE](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/authentication/oauth-2-0/authorization-code)
, which means that you must use a set of keys and user Access Tokens to
make a successful request. The Access Tokens must be associated with the
user that you are requesting on behalf of. If you want to generate a set
of Access Tokens for another user, they must authorize or authenticate
your App using an [Authorize
URL](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/authentication/oauth-2-0/user-access-token)
.

Please note that OAuth 2.0 can be tricky to use. If you are not familiar
with this authentication method, we recommend using a
[library](https://developer.twitter.com/content/developer-twitter/en/docs/twitter-api/tools-and-libraries)
or a tool like Postman to properly authenticate your requests.

#### Developer portal, Projects, and developer Apps

To retrieve a set of authentication credentials that will work with the
Twitter API v2 endpoints, you must have a [developer
account](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/developer-portal) , set
up a [Project](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/projects) within
that account, and created a [developer
App](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/apps) within that Project.
You can then find your keys and tokens within your developer App.

#### Rate limits

Every day, many thousands of developers make requests to the Twitter
API. To help manage the sheer volume of these requests, [rate
limits](https://developer.twitter.com/content/developer-twitter/en/docs/twitter-api/rate-limits)
are placed on each endpoint that limits the number of requests that you
can make on behalf of your app or on behalf of an authenticated user.

These endpoints are rate limited at the user level, meaning that the
authenticated user that you are making the request on behalf of can only
call the endpoint a certain number of times across any developer App.
There is a user rate limit of 180 requests per 15 min window for the GET
method.Â With the GET method of the Bookmarks lookup endpoint you will
get back 800 of your most recent Bookmarked Tweets. Additionally, there
is a user rate limit of 50 requests per 15 minutes for the POST and
DELETE methods.
:::
